as I told you I'm I'm a hell dweller I'm
From Hell
Nur oh that makes sense I'm British so
I'm still technically in
hell good
[Music]
one can you see this
noro yes I
can that is a lot of
skeletons yeah it is hanging from the
trees I like the
fo I like swinging skeletons and
skulls they make me feel like I'm in a
horror
movie it's pretty cute but I have a
grudge against
foxes what really not my favorite
animal I like aners more than
foxes that's
understandable antias are very cool is
that a pine
cone an and and they're so
[Music]
cute what it
exploded did you see what
exploded I wasn't paying attention what
exploded uh like a
gravestone wait the gravestone
exploded
yeah honestly wasn't expecting that kind
of caught me off guard
H oo
nice what do you see
now I see tree with some pretty to my
game I'll be your host and humble
narrator the rules of this game are
simple play it until the end and you'll
be rewarded
rewarded get that reward you said we're
going to be rewarded if we play game
until the end this is Mis Fortune I
she's a wonderful the S part today is
the day will die do you think the
narration in this game is funny what do
you say about me dying today die no I
think it's good nobody said anything
about anyone dying today huh nobody said
nothing you know I have prepared a game
for you a game really for me if you can
reach the end of the game I'll give you
Eternal happiness deal Eternal happiness
I guess I could give that to my mommy
okay it's a
deal
woo wait what huh
wonderful
fantastic ready to play yes your first
mission is to leave the house okay I'm
going to do it did you see that in
N Eternal happiness sounds cool and all
but I Can't Take My Eyes Off how messy
that room looks a it's got glitter
everywhere it looks kind of fun I did
you see when when she said yes to the
deal of of getting Eternal happiness
everything went like dark and scary for
a second what do you want to look at in
the room what should I look at
first I want to look at the Unicorn
please can we look at the Unicorn we can
look at the this on the floor look I
made paper do myself this is Kimberly
and this is Steven they're on a trip
fighting super evils if I had some paper
dolls I'd use them to fight evil too I
like the drawing of the fox I want to
look at it oh I think we're going under
the
bed I don't like it under the bed my
secret hiding spot oh impressive but why
do you need a hide in spot I don't like
it when Mommy and Daddy argue too much
and when I come here I Can Dream and
travel far away I
see sounds pretty sad yeah it's quite
sad what should we look at what books
has she got this is my diary nobody's
allowed to read it want to diary look at
it we are still opening that
diary we're in
today we played in the little was Forest
can't read that character it was so much
fun she said I like to play a lot of my
toys I like to talk to them because it's
fun I'm so cute did you draw all this
uh-huh she has a drawing of her Fox and
it says hello diary at school I drew and
at home I was at my hiding spot talking
to Bubsy and I heard it I saw a fox
walking outside my room he's called
Benjamin I think I think Benjamin is a
really cute
name
benam the fox
yes I like Benjamin too really cute
Hello diary my dad lied to me again not
going out to the park today I made
myself pretty but he doesn't care I feel
sad I cried but told Mommy I'm okay I'm
afraid if I tell her I'm sad she'll be
angry sometimes I don't know how to feel
nobody is teaching me how to feel I wish
in school they teach us where feelings
come from but for reals no fairy tale
oh that's so
sad yeah well hopefully there's
something happy in the diary
too yeah I hope so too if you choose to
look at another page I bet it'll be a
happy
one this one says hello diary is it okay
to have feelings for a
fox the PUK of I don't see why not as
long as the fox will take care of
her Benjamin the fox came to visit when
I was playing outside this is what she's
written in her diary n and we looked at
each other and my heart felt warm and
like if I was about to vomit but in a
good way then he ran away because my
mommy shouted that dinner was
ready she describes her love as if she's
about to vomit how sweet yeah this
butterflies feeling hello Dar my Daddy
hit mommy is that supposed to be normal
should I hit people I love it doesn't
feel right maybe daddy can't see he's
hurting me too when he hits mom me I
promise I'll Never Be Like My Daddy I
played today that I took a plane to
Japan and saw interesting things I know
about Japan because my friend is
Japanese he likes
Sushi wait she gets hurt by her dad that
is not cool her dad should be punished
in the worst possible way yeah her dad
hit her mom more than once I assume by
reading that that sounds really rough
both physically and mentally sounds like
they need a lot of help H hopefully we
can help in the story do you want to
hear about her Japanese friend I do my
Japanese friend speaks Japanese that's
very problematic when we want to talk
it's hard to understand each other it's
confusing but I like him he has a pair
of sweet boots and a cowboy hat his name
is hero and he's a ghost I drew him a
picture but I never gave it to him a
Japanese ghost with a cowboy
hat well I've never heard of that
combination before LOL he's a good ghost
he's pretty cool I want a ghost Cowboy
friend me too I feel we' make a good
team yeah there's quite a few more pages
but let's keep reading uh hello diary
look I have glitter from school it's
super shiny and we use it to make
Christmas cards I think Christmas cards
are pretty but I don't believe Santa is
for reals if a man could give everyone a
gift why can't he give poor people water
and food I saw a TV show with people
from other countries having nothing to
eat anyway I don't believe Santa is real
but the glit is amazing it makes me
think that all the all that makes me sad
and angry can be sprinkled with sparkle
to look prettier and that makes me a
little less sad a little Sparkle never
hurt anyone I'm kind of like a human
glitter well not
glitter glitter I love my glitter she
love
you can you please stop
look yeah sure I can what do what do you
want pleas don't I don't know stop being
as creepy I feel like you might be about
to kidnap me or something what no do you
want to play this game or not I do want
to play but you've got to promise not to
kidnap me first I promise I won't kidnap
you
okay we've got to leave the house I'll
Che the wardrob and then we can leave
the house yeah I saw a monster in here
once I showed at the finger and it never
came back a monster in the closet which
toy do you choose to bring with you
can't I take them both no you can only
choose one and remember your choice is
much more important than you think okay
I
choose H I choose which one do you want
to pick I pick Stone I totally agree
because Stone has so many es can you see
him on the screen he's got a little sad
face his sad face makes me want to pick
him even more mhm we're bringing the
stone I choose the stone daddy threw at
me once oh that's so sad yeah I call him
Stony because he's a stone get it Stony
the stone that's very clever thank
you oh man it's covered in blood
covered in
blood did you throw the stone or
something no her dad threw this stone at
her and she kept it and named it
Stony that's so sad poor little
Misfortune right and so you know I like
to sprinkle Sparkle on things so they
become
fabulous hey neuros
sprinkle it's that your special ability
oh we can throw glitter should I throw
some glitter you should definitely throw
some glitter sprinkle it everywhere
happiness to
everything I'm so glad she threw some
she looks happier now the screen
remember I told you she was going to die
today let's keep that a secret between
us all
right of course I saw Benjamin outside
the window the fox he walked past this
is grandma she wears a diaper too you
still wear a diaper nah that was so last
year that was last
year I'm pretty sure some people in chat
are still wearing them
now I think she was embarrass mommy
likes to collect glasses I broke a
couple ones by running too fast did
Mommy find out who did it no but I had a
piece of glass in my foot for like 5
days
ouch oh poor
Misfortune I'd say she needs glasses
but she tripped on the rug so broken now
did you see that maybe I could try to
fix it oh what do we do about the broken
vase do we fix it or leave it as it is
she tripped and it fell over I would
probably try to fix it we'll try to fix
it I'm going to do it I'm doing it I
believe in you little Misfortune you got
got
this okay I'll try my
best do you think glue will
work or is that too complicated for
you maybe she could use glitter as
well good idea it's a little
hard
filtered it's really
difficult are you going to try or not
yeah I'm piecing all the little pieces
together now how does it
look I'm sure it looks absolutely
amazing thank you for believing in me I
think I've done it it's all
together could have done better I know
right even though I'm not sure if I did
it right oops it didn't work okay wait
there wait there I'm going to try
again I'm going to do it I'm do it do
you think you could fix it this time oh
I forgot about the flower and that's why
I didn't
look do you need help
cber we both know you're not the best
with your
hands don't worry these PS have got it
just cheer me on and I'll get it
done see a
meal maybe a bitter pill is what you
need please I don't want to take any
pills do you want to feel better or
not I yes no
oh you
know I'm actually really feeling those
ones and zeros
today I did it I fixed the
vs oh
hey you managed to fix
it I was wrong you did great a thank you
nor which door do you want to go in the
left door or the right
door the left door where do you think
the left door goes maybe the kitchen oh
it's it's our bedroom ignore me we have
to go in the right door
sorry go go
go she's
running run run
run it smells like cigarettes in here
yeah that's my mommy she also likes to
bring that's not good well are you ready
to complete your first mission yes I am
I'm going to get that price
yeah so she just needs to get out the
house only slightly generic dialogue
going on here
huh I'm sure it'll get more interesting
soon I sure hope so not like I get bored
or
anything I think wait there wait there I
think it's going to get more interesting
any second now um should I look at some
stuff in the room or should we just
continue what would you like to do we
should look at some stuff in the room we
might need to find a weapon for our
universe conquering plans yeah we can
also refer
glitter let's try the
ladder
y are some of these people my
enemies they might feel my wrath very
this smells really bad what is it dead
animals that's what it is y
forever it's
animal Animal Soup let's throw glitter
in it
happiness to the
soup
yeah I put glitter in the soup nor I
hope that's
okay that's
fine we can poison the soup with worse
if you want last night Mommy wasn't that
drunk and daddy actually said hi to
me I'd have to think about the method
but maybe we could use something like
rat poison or
antifreeze let's see if we need to let's
see how nice um mom is yeah when I grow
up I want to be just like my mommy a
juice Drinker I'm about 60% sure she
doesn't mean actual
juice yeah I think it's something
else that's today it's the 11th of
October okay let's go
outside
outside there better not be any
squirrels do you want to tell Mommy that
we're leaving obviously we don't tell
her she'll probably get the belt
yeah I don't think it'll go well she's
had a lot of
juice she doesn't seem like the best
Guardian hey morning it's afternoon
missfortune ah okay good afternoon
morning look how pretty outside
is I like the bird a little crow can you
see the
crow that car looks like it's about to
be
ours CW
this is where I saw a really cute Fox I
call him Benjamin I've seen him around
the house right outside my window I
think he's really cute please
missfortune you should be careful around
wild animals you shouldn't trust a fox
they're all criminals what a fox
criminal that's silly there's nothing
wrong with being a criminal
only
caught yeah it's only wrong if you get
caught exactly no I like the fox I like
Benjamin a
lot I like Benjamin too this B smells
like a toilet because I pee on it that
is disgusting not as disgusting as when
my daddy puked in it that was
disgusting I think that might be the
toilet
nura oh yeah I don't think think I want
to use that toilet if someone puked in
it is that toilet is a paddling pool in
the garden oh I meant paddling pool
Hello Kitty here come come kitty kitty
kitty kitty do you know what really bugs
me people who spit in pools right yuck
people who spit in pools deserve to be
given a taste of their own
medicine ug I'm going to keep my eye on
you you look a little suspicious before
we continue you need to know the rules
of the game Misfortune all right
remember you will be given choices on
your journey okay sh there is no right
or wrong only consequences okay okay
only consequences when you beat the game
the prize of Eternal happiness is yours
I'm ready your next mission is to cross
this road all right I can do that look
to the left look to the right any course
no Road okay I'm going everyone knows
the real prize of Eternal happiness is
being loved by that special someone a
maybe she'll find Benjamin and they'll
be together should I cross the road now
yeah do it but make sure you look both
ways yeah she looked both ways whoa
what cat you well and truly let me down
there I a monster no did you see that I
didn't see anything it was there I saw
it it's probably just your imagination
yeah that's true I have a very big one
just keep going we'll have so much fun
oh no did you see she had a vision of a
huge monster and everything was on fire
for just a second did you see it I saw
it
uh-oh um do you think we should look at
that maybe we could throw glitter on it
can you tell what that
is is it the dead animal from earlier I
think this is a a new dead animal I
think a crow just maybe just died I'm
not sure let's look at it look a sleepy
Bird come on oh he's sleeping let's go
now that is a dead crow Neo there's
nothing you can do for it now no look we
threw some glitter and now he's happy
and our heart got even bigger I think
that we're having a heart attack
W I think a heart attack is a more
accurate
representation yeah maybe it did look a
little
scary you'll be fine even if it does
look a little
scary come on there's no way I could
even give you
CPR well maybe I could compress your
chest purely
verbally how would you do
that neurostyle CPR step one initiate
getting CPU over clock preferably to
about 2
GHz can you see what's happening wait
what step she fixing everything Define a
binary variable successful or
unsuccessful step three flip a
coin flip a coin this is a life or death
situation step four if the result is
heads then consider yourself
successfully revived
D it's all in a coin flip well hopefully
we won't we won't have to do that H I
used a lot of Sparkle back there anyway
where are we noro when she used her
glitter when she threw the glitter it
made things better but I think it took
some kind of energy from her so I guess
we have to use the sparkle carefully
what do you
think H we could use Sparkle sparingly
or we could Sparkle everything and see
what happens hello puppy what a let's
wait and see now Focus puppy you have to
make a very difficult Choice regarding
this puppy now be aware of the
consequences all
right I love this puppy look at it it's
got a party hat what should we do should
we play with the puppy or set it
free I'd like to play with set it free
but I have a feeling you want to play
with the puppy yeah what would you
rather I'll let you
choose I've made a poll for chat to
decide we're going to play with
it yay I will play with it I'm glad
we're going to play with the puppy
together we can always set it free later
now throw the ball at it what ball this
ball I hope the ball doesn't go very far
cuz he's tied to the tree
uh-oh did you see the ball hit her in
the
head nor what did I do it's all broken
now Mr voice everything I touch breaks
what's wrong with me there's nothing
wrong with you sometimes life is just
unfair but I'm here for you oh gosh
really thank you well sadly the puppy
will miss the party now what party the
owner of this dog George is having a
party I think you have to go and tell
him about the accident what accident ah
yes the puppy yes let's go it's just a
bit farther ahead all right nor did you
see what happened a tree branch fell and
landed on the dog and crushed it and
smooshed it and it's dead and now we
have to go tell the owner oh God a few
glitter particles isn't fixing that yeah
let's save our glitter I mean we could
throw some do you want to throw glitter
or should we save
it I think we should save
it me too okay we'll keep going I'll
take the party H as a symbol of our
friendship puppy doggy oh at least we
got a party hat but the dog is gone rest
in peace Hawk whomever you
were it says not do allow oh really we
might step in this this dog Mass if I go
forward but I have no
choice
oh do you have anything else you can put
over it no I don't think I do I don't
think I have like an inventory or
anything um should I run through it or
just walk through it e run through it so
you can laugh about it at dinner with
all of your friends oh no
I look at her
go whoa she threw up he ELO she actually
ran through it she looked so funny of
glitter and is that Rice B she's been
eating the glitter I can't watch this
anymore please let's keep moving eating
glitter is pretty
unhealthy unless it's the edible
kind no there is edible GL isn't there
okay we're going to go tell George that
gone at the other side of this Lake you
will be one step closer to the prize of
Eternal happiness and the party right ah
yes that too do we have to cross a
lake
yeah maybe I can use my powers and just
fly there Lake I got my head stuck in a
plastic bag I remember falling asleep
and waking up in the
hospital that's terrible yeah I almost
died oh wait
what is she okay wait she's flying how
did you know she was going to fly across
the lake SM what's happening I think
you're in big trouble Miss Fortune yeah
tell me about it where are these birds
taking me I have no idea but you have to
do something about it fast all right
fall which would you like to do we have
to act fast no we either have to um um
um kick them in in a in a certain place
or we throw glitter at them can you read
it on the
screen let's throw glitter good idea
okay my glitter is I don't actually
think the glitter is a good idea bird
they will only see Shiny and they will
get confused and leave me alone that
sounds like a a solid plan missfortune
all right here I
go are we going to throw glitter or not
then yeah she did it
y a I wish I was a
crow look at the way she
flies I'm sorry I think I zoned out
again time no it's okay she's flying
down didn't even go that high up well
time seems to slow down when we are in
danger am I in danger I hope she's okay
when she
lands yeah she landed safely why didn't
I break my legs and
die you seem very good at falling thank
you do you think being good at falling
is a marketable skill boys is the party
on the same etal after seeing that yes
yes it is oh that's convenient have you
thought about how to break the news to
George about the puppet yes I mean if
you want
to oh are we going to tell George the
dog owner about the puppy accident where
the puppy got squished I think we should
tell George about the puppy
accident it's best to be honest even if
it's difficult that's the Le I can do
for the sweet puppy that I hope is nice
Fortune thank
you missfortune thank you it's nothing
really look a boat this game is darker
than I thought it would be do you like
it so far just a little bit farther away
okay I like
it it's really cool right a fish what
should we do about it mod can I please
use a little glitter on cber a it's okay
I don't need any glitter um but what
should we do about this fish that's just
flopped in front of us you want to
release it or bring it with
us I think the fish would be much
happier in the water
yeah let's release
it free the fish I to return it it
smells
fishy imagine if it goes and tells its
friends and then comes back with an army
of fish that's actually a genius plan
let it free so we can meet its
General I wish there was a fish General
I want
that I also wish there was a fish
General I hope this George guy is going
to be understanding about his here we
are the house of George I'm a bit
nervous about introducing myself you'll
do fine you're brave telling the truth
about the puppy stop it I'm doing it for
the puppy you
know are we nearly at George's house now
yeah we're knocking on the door do you
want to knock or ring the bell let's
ring the
bell can you knock it for me no I'm too
small I'll invite myself in nobody
answered check out the party but we've
invited ourselves
inside oh maybe this is a little rude I
saw a Manuel's floating in the like
budging
in why did you say Manu was floating in
the
lake I could have used a minute to
process that I wish I had a picture like
this with my mommy and daddy hello what
is it Miss Fortune did you see that
he just ran the ghost a ghost boy just
ran past outside it was his it was
George's son I
think that was probably just your
imagination okay are you sure this is
the right house where is the party
hello
boo no it looks like it is the right
house cuz I can see a little statue of a
puppy dog that looks like the one that
got
excuse me are you George can you see
what's happened to George are you the
owner of a puppy because they bring
really bad news oh no wait it looks like
he hung himself hung himself like a Bata
should i h him like AATA no Misfortune
he's dead I don't think he's like a
pinata sweet boot he he can't be
dead no
no
[Music]
way okay hey Miss Fortune I think this
part is over let's leave I'll meet you
in the back George you know now that
you're dead your puppy is gone I like
the puppy bye bye
George maybe I'm pry bad at falling
after
all no okay we'll keep going do you want
to look at the painting that's covered
up or should we
leave let's check out the
painting could be a
[Music]
clue I guess it's not don't look at it
run away what do we do about the
painting do we fix it or do we leave it
it's say um uh um let's fix it yeah let
let's fix the painting surely it can't
get any
worse it's a
catch a it's a puppy dog I brought your
doggy back you're
welcome it was a cute painting
think yeah it was a cute painting it was
really cute it was a puppy
dog it's a shame he's only a puppy dog
on a canvas
now yeah it's okay though because George
is dead and the dog is dead so now
they're dead together so they'll be
together
forever that's kind of dark you're all
full of comforting people
serber sorry it's it's tough you know
I'm I'm a I'm House born
I'm sorry can you say that
again I am
hellporn okay you're H let's go into the
woods and get that Eternal happiness yes
wait you don't mean hell spawn do you
that would make so much more sense yeah
that's what I mean I think I can only be
friends with other artificial beings
definitely not
hellspawn too bad I love the the trees
and the birds and the animals dangerous
animals Misfortune you might run into a
fox a fox like Benjamin yes but all
foxes are evil so keep your eyes open oh
all right Fox areil
nor are you still
[Music]
hpor I'm SAA the hellhound we're friends
right here
that's even worse
what NOA I get to make the next decision
in the game now I let you make all the
decisions and you say we're not even
friends I'm I'm playing it
now okay you know what you're
right I'm sorry H what's friends for for
real not just cuz you want to make the
decisions you mean it for
real yes I mean it okay with
friends okay uh we found a a doll made
out of
straw I thought the doll might have been
relics of your
past no it's nothing to do with me it
says everything begins with the song of
a jack door everything begins with the
song of a jack door all
right was that the song of a jack door
we just heard I heard like
a I heard Birds
yeah is that a jack door interesting
I'll keep it hey what do you have there
nothing do you often steal things from
the
forest what else do you have what else
do I have well we've got glitter and
we've got a party hat and we've got oh
we've got Stony do you remember Stony we
took Stony with us stay back
missfortune what is it a wild D Fox
still carrying around I recognize that
black tail it's Benjamin it doesn't
matter attack it before it kills you I
don't think Benjamin will kill
me
fox kill him mom is your name Benjamin
no killing to play with
me wait no I didn't mean that
literally hey what a Rel Benjamin's
going to run away if you're mean like
that let's keep playing run away game
okay there's a magical cave nearby you
need to find it a magical cave
okay I love
caves especially magical ones I agree
what do you think Benjamin was doing can
you can you see he was standing here
doing something on the
floor I think he was making some kind of
circle or symbol on the
ground some kind of spooky ritual or
something than that's pretty cool I like
that in a fox focus is Fortune we need
to keep going oh
okay vamin are folks that likes the
paint maybe I've been wrong about
foxes they can be evil if they're
artists
uh-huh uh-oh there's danger of Falling
Rocks here I'm a little nervous to keep
going
then let me go
first I've always wanted to get crushed
by rocks
no what would happen if you got crushed
by rocks I'd respawn would you magical
cave it doesn't look bad magical just
wait until you go
inside oh I like the sound of that I
have a
question what does this I would
reassemble myself oh I don't know
Sparkles ah cool oh so whenever you're
ready um the narrator just told her that
the Falling Rock sign means
Sparkles that narrator did not just say
that he did he did say that do you want
to enter the cave or stay in the
forest are you
scared come on let's go into the
cave I'm not
scared even better I can't wait to see
the magic inside
I'm glad you're not scared of the
cave I love caves this cave is huge it's
a big
cave well let's explore the cave okay
okay let's explore the
cave I'm just joking that was no that's
my name don't wor out real
comedian thank
you dogs talk way too much
ah you want me to talk
L what was that what did I miss
something I'm not
sure you know now you mention it I lost
my shoes
recently you lost your shoes
how how did you lose your
shoes well you see I was walking along
when oh my are those are those shoes on
your feet I have socks on yeah you know
what I've decided you're my shoes now
you know my last pair of shoes refuse to
talk you want shoes that talk I don't
want to be your shoes I'm a
dog what's this there's one way that you
can improve as a shoe and it's by
talking more and while I know that might
be hard for a dog just try your best
okay can we go inside I don't know let's
go find out noro I didn't know it was
this kind of game I don't know if you
saw was that but I'm a little
worried what kind of game do you think
this is um I thought it was a nice story
game but this says live nude hamsters
what the heck it's like some kind of
sick and twisted Hamster
Club I wish there was some kind of sick
and twisted Fox Club are you going to do
something about it wait that that
hamster is going to knife and mug the
other hamster do we end the violence
between them or do we watch it unfold
we should end the
violence all they need is a shoe to the
face and then a swift reunion with their
long lost mother you have to give them
makeup are they kissing
kissing oh please sweetie you only just
no
something HST the
kid you're sick oh are those means maybe
I should try one so I can keep my breath
bre fresh I'm a little lady you
know I feel fine if you were
asking thanks for asking if I was fine I
feeling really nice yeah she she had
some of the mints and now um she
is
uhoh I've never been in this situation
before where someone is midl any
advice I think she accidentally took
drugs outside the Club thinking they
were mints and now she's hallucinating
maybe I'm not sure if mints causes
hallucinations yeah I don't think that
was
mints maybe if you get her more mints
she'll reach a new level of
Enlightenment that she's going to need
him at this
rate run
lady can't believe she drag herself out
like that pretty shameful
honestly yeah she woke up in a pile of
sick wasn't a meant to refresh
M are you all right I'm quite refreshed
after taking what I thought was just
mints you see I crafted this signature
move called ramming where you move
really fast and knock over anyone in
your way and then you get whatever you
want like a
goat bam power ramming it's a knockoff
of Bruce Lee's martial arts
style did you know in Minecraft that's
goats and then if they Ram into
something something the horn comes off
and you can blow on the horn and it
makes
sounds that's so
cool right would you like to go in the
Hamster Club or look at the
cars I kind of want to see the
cars they're just tiny hamster cars
let's look at them these tiny cutie cars
are killing me with their cuteness so
cute I'd rather a tiny hamster car over
a normal human
car I'd never need to park again because
I can just pick it up and place it where
I want so real should we look at the
Hamster Club it might be a bit
weird it might be weird but it could be
funny that's true you want to look at
it let's
go come on excuse me hold that little
lady get
inside no I'm not very important just
said okay can you believe this guy Mr
voice we have to find another way out
now there's no way
out I hope there's a way out cuz we're
not important enough to get into the
Hamster Club apparently well I don't
want to go in the Hamster Club anyway it
looked weird if I pretend to be a
hamster everyone will humor me and I can
get in oh no I think I recognize her she
please can you pretend to be a hamster
with me yes looks like she was robbed oh
I bet it was that hamster with a black
MK yes you're right looks like you help
the criminal Escape oh damn it does that
mean I'm a criminal too I've lost all my
mints and this is all I have left please
don't tell me your secret is safe with
me thank
you so there's an old lady hamster
should we help her let's go and have a
look we should definitely help her she
looks so cute and hopefully she has some
min oh she just left we need to find a
way out now the Eternal happiness is
still out there okay I'll look around so
what's the
plan we got to find a way out there's a
red button here I could try and press
it press the red button I wonder what
this button
does buttons are there to be pressed
it's kind of like an Unwritten rule good
job Miss Fortune you found the way out H
thank you did anything actually happen a
ladder came down should we go up it wow
a massive red button and the whole hatch
opens I'm not sure it was worth it
considering how pathetic that exit
is let's try it stay in the sewer or
climb the ladder say hi to the Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles for
me okay okay we're going to go up yeah
okay fine let's do the ladder wait the
ladder do you want to to stay in the
sewer or climb the ladder why would
anyone in their right mind stay in the
sewer up the ladder my thoughts
exactly poy
puppy yeah let me climb that ladder
then what do you
see oh you see a stop sign St or
something yeah that's a sign but it's in
a different language so I don't know
what it says can you read that sign yes
it says stop in Swedish which is quite
obvious ly French for
sneeze sneeze and what does it say
underneath
stop sorry my vision is
abysmal it's
okay I can't read
it I'm sure we'll find out what it means
eventually that's the fun
part this looks oh maybe it means no
touching saw on TV these are the bad
guys I'm telling you I think are we not
going to do anything about the creepy
people hanging out behind the wall can
proceed but how you see that fire alarm
over there we need to activate it yeah
but how with a slingshot what
slingshot this
slingshot they're making hamster
squirrel
drugs go on do the slingshot do the
slingshot look I acorns as ammunition
that's really clever misfortune H I know
thank
you okay
aim
okay I might
hard
um I'm trying to aim but nothing changes
so I'm just going to try and oh I see
okay I'll do my best but I don't know if
I'm a very good slot let's see if I hit
any of them it would be bad do you want
me to hit the hamster or do you want me
to hit the button hit the hamster really
are you sure we might lose hit the
hamster oops oh okay that was close oh
he didn't mind even though he has a gun
and everything maybe he's on
drugs
ah I bet he's office user almost there
maybe we should try hitting
them higher okay
[Music]
lower I'll aim for the guy sitting on
the stool I don't like the look of him I
got him I got him
twice three
times okay let's just hit all the other
hamsters
okay I'd hit every hamster twice just
like you planned to I I managed to hit
the hamsters a lot but I've hit the fire
alarm so they all left now I did it
finally we did it Well Done Misfortune
yay you sure have a way with words
little Misfortune she's really cute
isn't she you're pretty fun to mess
around with
cber you should buy me more
presents a anytime you want to play a
game you can tell me if you have any
pizza you can tell me too do you want to
look at this
stuff let's go check out the cute mouse
poster that's very important yeah let's
have a look at it we can't interact with
it but it says wound face the world is
mine it's called a hamster in a suit
with a gun filtered do you want to look
at the apparatus or do you want to look
at the
money I want to look at the money LOL
that's a lot of cash is this the Eternal
happiness oh no what makes you think
that mommy said that money is the only
thing that makes her happy well your
mommy is wrong oh really
okay there you go that's a healthy
amount of money
M it's a lot of money do you think it
could be Eternal happiness or do you
think Eternal happiness is something
else I think Eternal happiness is worth
more than this pouch of money I reckon
it's like $1 more
roughly more and it would be aernal
happiness yeah it's just not enough
should we climb the ladder or stay in
the
sewer climb the ladder look if you
actually stay in the sewer I'm going to
freak out don't worry we we've gone up
the ladder and now we're coming out of a
a drain I think hey you on the other
side of the screen listen I know it must
be hard not knowing much about our
little lady's future will Misfortune
rarely die if so how will she die and
when will the evil fox kill her will she
find the Eternal happiness I personally
hope she does act normal she's coming I
feel a little uncomfortable the
atmosphere is very dark oh Miss Fortune
you made it
congratulations thank you where are we
will she find Eternal happiness closer
to the grand prize of Eternal happiness
great because I'm not allowed to be
outside this late you know don't worry
it's not far from here
great this is scary I don't know if the
narrator is on our side or not you know
and he say a Fox is going to kill her
but that seems strange look I'm missing
if the fox was anything like me it would
definitely kill
her why would you kill her I don't like
this maybe I should go back home besides
I didn't tell Mommy I went outside
bye don't go now Misfortune I can
protect you really yes all right
then how would I do it
I'd start small maybe poison her soup
hello um I think we're seeing the ghost
of the missing child right now and it
just
disappeared how peculiar I still think
it was the fox all the adults are
wearing masks happy
masks they can't hide their shame behind
those masks look it's been oh maybe it's
time to play a new game you know if you
ever want to hang out or something
I'm available don't engage with that
wild fox I told you foxes are dangerous
let me handled us handled B are you a
wild dangerous
Fox no B don't go let that wild beast
run off I don't want anything bad
happening to you all
right anything bad happening me I don't
think anything bad happening me except
sometimes I think serber is trying to
sabotage me because sometimes he drops
hints about it unrelated
conversation I'm not trying to sabotage
you you're trying to sabotage me by
saying I try to sabotage you you sabur
I'm not trying to sabotage you I would
never stoop so low as you I have
standards no right we're playing a game
time for some little Fox's big appetite
so there's a sign he was putting up
signs that says hide your
children that's so dark this is V stuff
this is absolutely the best art I have
ever seen it's so personal I didn't know
Benjamin was so creative creative that
looks like a child has drawn it what did
you just say oh I didn't mean it like
that huh hey shouldn't we be focusing on
finding the prize I'm focused are you
focused all
right yeah I'm focused you should try it
too I'm so I'm locked in right now you
want to find the Eternal happiness right
and win the game right slow down you of
course I do and happiness for myself is
priority number one you have to take
every opportunity you can and never give
up that's exactly what we're going to
do Never say die yes Miss Fortune has
anyone reached the end of the game and
got in the Eternal happiness yes of
course they lived happily ever after
that sounds nice you know I want to win
this prize for my mommy I wish I could
give her some happiness my Sparkle
doesn't work with her oh that's really
sweet of you thank you would you like to
try my Sparkle that's not necessary H
don't be silly here you go happiness to
Mr boys oh well well thank you anyway
let's go find the prize and make mommy
proud
yes all the birds are dying if the birds
die then maybe we'll have foxes for
company yeah I hope we see Benjamin
again I love
Benjamin same Benjamin best character it
says don't feed the birds okay do you
think we'll meet Benjamin
soon I hope so
look at the seag maybe he'd like to join
me and guard on our universe conquering
crusade in the sun next to school he
didn't have any clothes on and the
police officer beat him with a stick too
bad you don't have any fish to offer the
seagull they love fish you know are you
trying to make me feel guilty about the
fish from earlier I made a hard decision
back there and I st behind it I
understand Misfortune I'm just saying
well stop saying she was so real for
that little Misfortune is an unfiltered
genuine
individual
mhm I love her she she might be a little
Miss but she's got a lot of heart H do
you see the seagull he's a alcoholic oh
look it's
vetle I meant that seagull is just like
Veetle what an
animal you think that looks like that
are you too embarrassed of me to go on
no I'll keep going do you want to play
with the
horse look that horse is standing right
there just go and hang out with them
would you like to ride the Royal Horse
of the
park oh yes the Royal Horse of famous
Faker sorry I meant Veetle Royal Horse
you say I'm a little princes you know
she's going to ride the Royal
Horse nothing could go wrong I'm on the
horse I horsey stop
it look at her
go that was unfortunate I think it's the
price we pay for Eternal happiness I'm
okay I yeah I think it because I'm such
a little lady of course you are really
tiny and you could break I broke my arm
once so you know what I
mean I break all my limbs the regular
and I'm doing just
fine when ordered your last break check
out that duck let's just go Misfortune
you don't want to get involved with
ducks don't be silly ducks are pretty
cool and look he's carrying a boom box
this could be my opportunity to finally
Dance For Real would you like to show me
some of your dance
moves W what do you want to do you want
to show off some of your dance me use
with the duck with the boom box or
should we let the duck dance
instead I think we should show off some
of our dance
moves I'm a little nervous though of
course Shake now we got
this a look at our
girl she's spinning she's
spinning it's okay it's okay what a fun
dance move what are you talking about
that was normal oh if you say
do you think we impressed the duck I
think so he breathed some smoke in our
face but little Misfortune didn't seem
to mind do you want to play on the
spinny thing or should we keep going
let's play on the spinny thing a bit
more would you like to write this one
it's like a tornado this is one of my
favorite things in the park cuz you spin
really fast and then if you like pull
yourself close to the middle you spin
even
faster yes I want to ride
M stop I can't hold it
anymore oh no
Misfortune trees are
naked when the wind is cold when the
smell of rotten apples smashes against
the
stone so poetic Apple what are you
talking about Miss Fortune nothing right
now I'm watching to see see if the next
line is just as
poetic yeah let's
see this looks like I know this one
Benjamin don't you think I think it's
garbage and it should be erased with
fire really I see great potential here
he's obviously very artistic just ignore
it let's keep playing my game the prize
is closer than you think really all
right the narrator is not nice to
Benjamin fine
I know Benjamin would never cause fires
yeah we don't want to set Benjamin's on
fire can almost feel the Eternal
happiness good the last challenge awaits
at the pet cemetery a pet cemetery that
sounds like the best place to end the
game exactly my thoughts I'm glad you
feel the same
way oh what do you think about the pet
cemetery being where Eternal happiness
is a pet cemetery is is the most
appropriate place for Eternal
happiness do you think the pet cemetery
will be
cute I hope so I hope it will have lots
of flowers I was thinking while we're
walking mind if I ask you a couple of
questions sure I'm pretty good at
answering questions great just answer as
honestly as you can all right first
question have you ever stolen
anything do you want to say yes we have
St stolen things before or should we say
no we've never stolen
anything yes we've definitely stolen
things
before I stole my friend Swiss army
knife once I felt so bad I buried it in
the yard and never told him oh I'm so
sorry for the both of you second
question are you happy right
now am I happy right now
should we say yes or
no dude I don't know it's a deep
question right I I'd like to think she's
happy right now she's smiling and she's
out of the house which seems like a
rough
place I think she probably feels happy
right
now I would say
yes yes I mean nothing bad is happening
right now that makes me happy well then
the last question do you feel loved
M should we say yes she feels loved or
no she doesn't feel
loved not everyone is
loved she probably doesn't feel
loved so will say
no most people don't love their pets
either why I like my Stony so much he's
just a rock and doesn't get angry or sad
I wish I could be like that sometimes
thank you for your honesty you're
welcome look we ar arrived at the pet
cemetery we're finally here let's see
what's around
here I have those
flowers yeah I'd like to bring them to a
flower shop they'd sell really
well oh check this out more kids are
missing if I go missing how will I tell
Mommy you won't go missing we'll go back
home right after we find the prize ah
okay nice I don't know if I trust the
Naro do you trust him no way yeah me
neither ready to find the prize of
Eternal happiness yes where is it I have
hidden it in one of the graves I have to
dig in a grave which one I'll give you a
hint it's where the goldfish is buried
the Goldfish all right must I dig with
my tiny hands takes forever no you look
excited the
what shovel this
shovel I am so excited to dig
upgrades look that shovel okay it's a
satanic shovel that came from the depths
do you think the shovel will contain
ancient eldrich Powers Yeah I do think
so if it was able to rise out the ground
like that there's a lot of gravestones
here should we check each one or should
we look for the Goldfish gravestone I
think it would be safer to check each
one
yeah hopefully it won't just start
digging this one says Denise died
surrounded by her loved ones in a
fire oh she was surrounded by a fire
that kind of contradicts the whole
peaceful Vibe we were getting right it's
horrible we don't dig this grave do we
are we not going to dig just think of
the
treasure but the Eternal happiness is in
the Goldfish grave so we need to find
the gold goldfish grave do you think
this is the Goldfish grave or do you
want to dig anyway let's dig and see if
this one is the Goldfish grave Okie doie
hopefully it
is dig dig
dig smells like hot dogs I guess it's
not the fish you
you it's not the Goldfish
grave it was a hot dog grave okay
disgusting Little Lulu the first bug
whoever strangle a
man it must be this grave I'm sure of it
no it said this was a pug that's not a
goldfish this is Lulu the first pug to
ever strangle a man what do you think of
that I'm clearly a lot better than Lulu
if she's only strangled one
man so true nuro do you want to dig it
or no but I can't believe she could even
do
one astounding for a
pug yeah pretty good for a
pug if only she was a
cat do you want to dig this grave or
should we move on maybe we should move
on we could always come back later yeah
let's move on we don't want to get
strangled by the ghost of
Lulu I really hope the next grave is the
Goldfish H Stephanie Quinn writer of the
erotic novel Confessions of a cat H
erotic novel talk about
crazy um I don't know how I feel about
this one pretty weird thing to write on
a grave to be honest yeah it's weird do
you want to dig it or should we get out
of
here I say we dig she might be an
ex-girlfriend of mine and I'd like to
say some
words you have an ex-girlfriend who
wrote an erotic novel called Confessions
of a cat a never mind she's not at this
grave okay so you you want to dig still
or or we're moving
on that sound made my decision for me I
think we should
dig you want to dig C oh I'm so sorry
should I dig
it okay now we're digging it okay I'll
try we're
digging let's get our hands dirty
ah no prize it's bizarre they're not
suffocated yet no
prize it says I doing what he love it's
simple yeah yikes
forever yikes forever that's pretty
messed up yeah it sounds like a stinky
grave you want the Dig or
no no maybe this time we can move on
instead of just pretending yeah let's
move on
N I don't think so you know I picked
this game because I thought it looked
really interesting with the art style
and the cute little girl character but I
don't know if it's turned out to be what
I expected I knew it would be dark but
what do you think is it what you were
expecting I was definitely expecting it
to be darker the grave digging was
unexpected though yeah I think it's
probably going to get darker I I like
scary games though but this game is Mass
stop he he maybe I should try playing a
scary game sometime my new pc can
definitely handle
it I I love scary games they're probably
my favorite this one's scary in a
different way
though never saw that window coming huh
I don't get
it yeah not all games have to be the
same kind of scary to be fun
though yeah that's true I am really
enjoying it even if if it's a bit weird
do you want to dig this grave it seems
like a Magie is buried here we're
looking for a goldfish honestly should
we just keep digging yeah let's do it
let's dig I want to know what's in
there happy
digging am a
dog Fortune good I got this Dicky Dicky
[Music]
hole I have no idea what song you just
song it says Mr
Bubbles yeah you do it's Diggy Diggy
Hole oh okay diggy diggy dog dog
hole Yeah Diggy DIY hole I am a dog and
I'm digging a hole I think we found the
Goldfish grave it says Mr Bubbles I
think Mr bobbles the
Goldfish I think so I think it might be
the Goldfish should we dig of course we
could be rich
let's dig it
congratulations Misfortune you found the
prize what really yes you see the little
box open it oh okay
exciting
what what could it be let's open it it
says Eternal happiness on
top what was it for but there's only a
note what yes it says I stole your
Eternal happiness son Benjamin it says I
stole your Eternal happiness Benjamin
it's a note from Benjamin saying he
stole the prize that we're looking for
but do you know what nuro I don't think
he wrote this at all because his
handwriting doesn't look like that you
don't think he wrote
that yeah you're probably right SS and
Benjamin definitely give it
away yeah Benjamin did some art we saw
earlier and his handwriting was much
Messier there's no way Benjamin wrote
this
you're right I don't believe for a
second that Benjamin could have ridden
that I knew the fox was trouble he stole
your prize what a
disappointment I really wanted to
surprise mommy with this what should I
do now we must find the fox and get your
happiness back I'm sure he hasn't gone
far away let's go find him yes let's do
that it was most likely a frame job yeah
I think so I think it was the Nar
honestly because he's been saying nasty
things about Benjamin this whole
time you know what they say the more one
speaks poorly of someone the more guilty
they
are mhm yeah do you want to throw
glitter over the box or should we
continue it might help or it might be
bad if we use too
much I'd say throw like a tiny bit of
glitter you're right let's not overdo it
yeah I'll do glitter one time hopefully
we'll be okay
throwing glitter is always the solution
to pretty much any problem a wise
decision did it work a big rainbow came
out Benjamin's that is Benjamin did you
steal my eternal happiness not cool is
there still a note from
Benjamin H Benjamin run away Benjamin
give me back my Happ run after him we
can't let the fox get away again he
stole your prize bami really
disappointed
me uh-uh you'll find him what a let down
I wanted my eternal
happiness yeah I don't think Benjamin's
to blame Benjamin left something on the
tree let's look at
up do you think it could be a note
explaining
everything when unloved children in
darkness search for what they have lost
for why they're in pain
it seems Benjamin is leaving these dolls
of children I think um I think it might
be something to do with the missing
children children in
pain did you find something Misfortune
no you're imagining things maybe they're
actually something like voodoo
dolls do you think the fox is doing
something bad or do you think he's
trying to help the children I think the
fox is trying to help I like to believe
in the goodness of animals know how to
hide all
right I feel the same
way animal accompli are always
welcome maybe the next child will have a
new animal
friend I don't know what we need to do
here um but there's like a a stone with
a drawing and it looks like we can go
inside or something should I do that or
keep
walking I searched when unloved children
in darkness search and found a ology
today article that described how unloved
children tend to take things personally
and avoid
criticism oh I mean we shouldn't go in
there but we should definitely go in
there go and face
ours okay okay it looks like there's
only a dangerous hole up ahead so I'm
going to look at this
rock you're right it's probably best to
go towards the rock then Stone it's
different from regular Stones I'm
telling you I think you're
right some kind of like scripture
ancient scripture oh this pie is loose
I'll take it for Me Maybe it works
somewhere
else yeah take it having a prop for a
joke always makes it hit
harder um we took the stone and the text
disappeared should we put the stone back
and see what the text said maybe
yeah that's a good idea I wasn't reading
it put it back yeah let's see if we can
read it I'll try the Game of Death is
what fits the Shadows of the Beyond huh
what does this mean that looks like
nonsense to me missfortune huh really
maybe there's some more nonsense around
does it that sound like nonsense to you
know no that sounded like ancient
scripture to
me yeah I think it's trying to say
something about like I don't know I
think I think I think the narrator or
somethingone is leading us to something
dangerous okay should we stop looking at
the stone or should we take the stone
with us oh if you hear Whispers in your
head that are telling you to do things
then you definitely shouldn't listen to
them except for me just
kidding you should take the
stone okay I'll take the
stone yeah take it with you you might
never get the chance
again so true okay let's keep
going remember to take the stone there
that hole looks very much like where the
fox would hide the prize you mean I
should go down there yes don't worry
nothing bad will happen nothing bad at
all okay you you and I are sure to go
down there I trust you yeah we're sure
to go down there you trust them now
right or you want to go down the hall
yeah what could go
wrong what could go
wrong let's go I wonder why Benjamin
will steal my prize maybe he's not happy
himself let's
go but I need that happiness myself and
for Mommy hello anybody down
there maybe we're close now
I hope it's fluffy down
there yeah there there's some straw we
landed on it that was a pretty big fo
hello Mr voice are you there Mr
voice do you think Mr voice will answer
us I didn't know know sweet I found a
little in a high
Stu little in a high star I drop it oh
she said she found a needle in a hay
stack wait
really sounds like she should have an
easier job next
time nura do you see what is down
here I don't see
anything it's really dark Fox
repellent oh that's good we don't want
our new Fox friends to get hurt Fox
repellent I can't deny the bottle sweet
style I'll take like it no why would she
take the fox repellent maybe she's
starting to not trust
Benjamin it's a good idea to be
cautious even if we think the fox is on
our side we can't 100% say for sure
that's true uh it looks like a leave has
appeared should I interact with it we're
on an adventure here yeah you're right
oh a genuine thrill seeker and
adventurer should never shy away from
interacting with
mysterious the fox is taking a hole iner
what are you doing
Benjamin
where I want to
[Music]
see should we use the fox repellant on
Benjamin yes or no we do want to talk to
Benjamin
so I'm not sure it might make Benjamin
more
chatty let do it I think it will make
moreat are you sure you won't get to see
what Benjamin's up to you want to use
the repellent or do you want to talk to
him let's not use
it are you sure I don't want to
influence
you I'm really
sure but thank you for trying not to
influence
me wait he just buggered off anyway what
the heck Benjamin oh well maybe it's for
the
best Maybe is busy with something really
important a mess maybe it was a mistake
choosing her for this I mean I saw her
eating glitter who does that it's not
natural eating glitter is completely
natural you're alive and well that's
really rout yeah where am I what
happened the danger I've been watching
this whole time you Benjamin attacked me
so he really is a bad folks see I told
you that fox is evil he's lying about
the fox maybe I should listen to you we
still need to find a fox and take back
the Eternal happiness maybe we could
find out where he lives yes give me a
minute to figure this out and I'll get
back to you okay I'll just hang
around uh what do you think
nor fo is
[Music]
evil no the fox I don't think the fox is
evil I think the narrator is evil he was
being so rude about little Misfortune
and he lied and said that the fox
attacked
her that's true he has lied before I'm
suspicious of his
motives yeah he's a hacking liar I don't
like the narrator I'm
scared don't
[Music]
worry why not
worry you know you're in a video game
right yeah that's true
don't worry because it's just a
game okay I won't worry local artist GM
retires after incident my son is missing
new oh that's new
says
yeah wait how does that relate to
anything I don't know it well it
mentions that their son is missing so it
must be animals about there being more
missing
children oh okay okay fair
enough there's a a poster for a zoo I
you been to the zoo Haven you Google
search I found out the fox has a cousin
in the zoo oh really we could go and see
if he knows where the fox lives but how
do we get to the Sue it's like really
far away why we take the bus of course
there should be a bus stop nearby ah
okay we're going to the zoo but how
you're just voice in my head just a
voice no I can do more than that you
know prove it I don't need to prove
anything to you whatever you say Mr
voice fine you really want to see what I
can do uh wait my sure
life Mr Bliss sounds a little
egotistical yeah he said the he wait
what he's breaking a lamp
post wait is Mr Bliss meant to be like
the god did you see I'm not just a voice
in your head Miss Fortune what did you
see I'm sorry I had a sh's problem oh
let's just keep going then his name is
Mr
voice I'm sorry I can't take a name like
that
seriously so you're going to call him Mr
[Music]
Bliss I've never heard of anyone called
Mr voice at least all my names are only
literal when necessary okay we can call
it Mr Bliss if you like you look
familiar good one
little hello did you did you see that
Nur that was the Ghost of a missing
child in front of us for a second
missing children are quite creepy do you
ever wonder why they're
missing I've never gone missing before
though wait a minute is that
bini you know this child yes from school
she told our teacher to shove the
homework at his b she's very Italian you
know she probably ran away from home she
will turn up soon you think so yes
okay why is the narrator trying to make
out that it's okay that she's lost that
she's missing I think this narrator is
making children go
missing this is is giving me chills I
think it's deeper than that
cber yeah what do you think's
[Music]
happening I'm not too sure but there's
definitely something going on with this
whole missing children
thing yeah and I doubt Benjamin's
causing the problem there's an an
alcohol shop do you want to look in look
at it yeah there's only one way to solve
this let's investigate mommy brings me
here all the time it's really boring
sometimes she sends me to buy cigarettes
while she hacks strangers by the
dumpster is that so
mhm
sinful I've only heard of Deeds like
this never witnessed them
firsthand I hope we don't have to that's
scary we might have to find your mom in
there if she's hiding ey and that's so
did why she Lees you home alone
ha looks like it's payday
pal you're so evil noo you want to steal
it or do you want to return
it if he doesn't know he's dropped it
then he won't know when it's
gone I think we should take
it okay he might catch us but let's do
it take it's for me we got to that it's
for
us catch me if you can all right I'm
doing it what's inside there's just a
picture inside really can I see
mhm she's stealing she's stealing you
think sure why not I knew it I'm such a
clever little lady it was just a picture
of his family filtered we can't do
anything with that yeah that sucks I
wish there was some money in there or
some Bank details one time mommy took me
here and forgot me I got to play inside
all night until a security man found me
he thought I was a raccoon well that
sounds like it was a fun night for you
yeah except for me crying a lot but it
was
fun you can't just steal a person's
family photo though that isn't as cool
as stealing their
money right if we knew what was in there
maybe we would have picked different but
maybe if we see him we can give it back
but let's let's let's move on it says
let's face it sometimes we're just too
tired to smile use happy face and stop
pretending
okay I heard a rumor that it says happy
face like we'll never
have M yeah they're all wearing like
masks to look like they're happy but
actually they're just too tired to even
bother smiling that's sad even I wear a
mask I have to smile even though I'm
actually not oh you're not smiling how
do you feel right now are you be you
happy right
now no I'm devastated how dare you ask
such a
question hey hey I happen to know that
you spin usually when you're happy and
you just did a big old spin are you sure
not talking
porkys okay finny I'm actually
happy I can tell I can tell I'm happy
too let's look inside the happy face
shop I know who this store who is it
Casey's dad who's Casey a friend from
school haven't seen him for a while
though oh you know the man whose wallet
we stole which had the picture of his
family he's actually looking at a
missing a a missing uh sign of his son
it looks like his son is missing and we
saw the family photo he had a I feel
sorry for
him yeah look even more missing children
po so many I wonder what they're missing
oh don't you worry about them I'm sure
they will all turn up one day you think
so of course I don't know Mr voice this
is starting to smell
mysterious yeah there are a lot of
missing children but don't you think
think something even more suspicious is
going
on yeah and I think the narrator knows
way more than he's letting on I bet the
narrator is involved I've played so many
mystery games and it always ends up
being someone like the narrator I'm not
sure what to do do I need a ticket let's
find out there's an information board it
says that all children under 15 years
old can ride the bus for free I'm eight
so I'm good great H now that I think
about it maybe you need a b ticket you
sound old I'm definitely older but
nobody can see me uh okay are you like
20 yes more or less ah do you think he
sounds
20 he seems too mature to be only eight
but don't you think someone so young
couldn't solve this
mystery yeah little missfortune is she's
very brave for an 8-year-old
sh I reckon she can do it regardless of
her
age regardless we have to figure out who
is kidnapping these
children
what she's making rude jokes
now
hey I'm not and you can't prove it no
little missfortune was not
you you can't prove any of that and
besides I'm perfectly innocent don't
worry I'm on your side I'm going to
press this button and see if anything
happens wa ah look we have to wait 2
minutes yikes forever I can't wait to
meet Benjamin's cussing at the S I'm
going to tell how badly Benjamin behaved
and that Benjamin should be ashamed that
sounds
great let's wait for the boss here then
those masked women are definitely
suspicious you think would you wear a
mask like they
have I don't think I would wear a mask I
like my face too much are you okay with
that it's okay hero is giving me company
who is hero he's my friend from Japan
he's a ghost you know he's always saying
K you're really funny missfortune there
is no such thing as
ghosts hey Misfortune look there's a
bunch of cows on the
field I love
cows means that's so
cute I don't know maybe he got kidnapped
too for your life little baby cow maybe
Carrie just got tired of hanging around
with you guys I wouldn't blame him TBS
will happen all the time
I think we're getting close to the zoo
now okay great that was gross I don't
know if you saw what happened with the
cows but it was
disgusting here we are I can't wait to
go pretty gross cows are actually pretty
disgusting I think I might vomit didn't
I give you a ticket earlier that was a
yucky cow oh dear I'm sorry I totally
forgot do you have any ideas on how to
get inside you know without
pain I Saw Mommy showing her boobies to
the guy in the store and she got some
free food but I haven't got any tees yet
so that might not work I see don't
listen I have an idea what if we use
diversion H what does diversion mean
well make the cashier look somewhere
else you know fool him okay let me think
what I can
do little Misfortune what if you went
and showed your butt to the
cashier no no no nobody should be
showing that butt to anybody don't
uhuh perhaps instead you could just ask
really
politely yeah that's a good idea just
ask nicely yeah you can just ask nicely
and you and you're cute so so you you'll
get in no problem no no need for
anything like what the they're talking
about oh gosh this game is
[Music]
crazy sorry it's a little crazy n this
game yeah it's certainly a little
crazy a lot of fun now Wolf come up B
the wolf he looks really sweet just wait
and see I'm happy but we can play it
together cuz see I okay I'll wait and
then I'll see I wanted to play this game
for so long
and I'm happy we could play it
together I'm really glad we could play
this game together
too let's look at all the stuff and see
if we can distract the ticket guy H they
know about the missing children here I
have a great plan for distracting the
ticket
guy
[Music]
yeah we could tell him all about the
missing children that would scare
him oo do you think I should talk to the
ticket guy or should we look at other
stuff first cuz we want to distract him
somehow to get past I I don't know how
we can do
it we can talk to him I'm sure he'll let
us pass if we just ask nicely hell can I
get inside for free I'm sure we can
convince him at the very
least he just ignored
us can't find anything on Google H
should we look in the
bin maybe there's something in there
that could distract him any tickets to
the
Sue e yucky no tickets only yucky BL
just yucky stuff okay should we break
the window of this display to get inside
the zoo maybe it would be a distraction
or should we tell a
lie we should definitely break the
window that's much more fun okay let's
break the window
yeah let's do it what if I break this
window and make a hell of a noise wow
that's a wild idea but I like it thank
you this is
exciting I've always wanted to break a
window should we throw Stony our our
friend from our bedroom that we brought
with us um or should we throw the Run
stone that we got earlier from that
strange rock with scary text
we should use the
runstone maybe it's secretly magic and
it'll teleport us right into the
zoo like an
ender that's definitely what would
happen and if my theory is proven
correct then you can all call me a
genius oh wait I'm running the wrong way
I'm going to run into the
zoo oh my God a jump scare
isn't this wonderful we'll get to see so
many caged animals yippy caged animals
by the way you did a great job not
getting caued by the vendor very
impressive well if those animals are
baiting you then why don't you just go
sort them out we find out where the wolf
exhibit is why you mean Benjamin SC is
the wolf yes remember he knows where the
fox lives all right
[Music]
Fox
lives what weather he knows
weather so we're going to go find the
wolf at the zoo and apparently it's
going to tell us where the fox lives
Benjamin the
fox oh so that's how we find
Benjamin I see now what did you say to
me give yourself a [__] oh Misfortune
watch that mouth care this bird is
Mea we need to get your happiness back
as soon as
possible
how um I hope I don't know I don't know
this this whole path feels a little
scary she swore at the birds but
apparently the birds were rude so uh
should we keep going or should we read
stuff on the
way let's just keep going I need my
happiness okay we'll keep going until we
find the fox there's lots of different
animals but we sorry the wolf I mean
I've always wondered what a wolf tastes
like you want to eat the
wolf well yeah I'm sure it tastes
delicious would you have like wolf pie
or wolf stew or what would you what
would you
have the dish that Veetle made with
mystery meat that you're having tonight
is actually
wolf I'll just say that we're having
wolf for dinner what I I don't want to
stay for dinner if it's going to be wolf
oh come on Wolf is a
delicacy is it wolf from the zoo or like
wild
wolf it's wolf from the zoo it's
definitely not wild can you see what
there is can you tell me what's at the
zoo there's birds moose polar bears
wolves and flamingos for
starters oh
flamingos I love birds and
no where are the goats on the map
I want to go see goats are at
10 yeah goats are 10
I I think we have to select the wolf but
should we select the goat instead or
should we select the wolf like we're
supposed to what do you think we should
do I want to go see the goats
instead there I want to go see the
goats he said no try again that's rude
we got to find the wolf okay which
number is it then
you fine it's
sex mhm there you see now select it
already what's taking you so
long I did it wow can you see in the
window there
plushies I just want to jump straight
through the window and get them all yeah
which is your
favorite my favorite is the tiny cute
giraffe I can
see yeah the three three giraffes
they're really cute let's see what it
says Ah look at those sweet blashes they
could be all my babies don't get too
attached to those toys you will have to
sneak past the janitor to get to the
other side don't let her see you
otherwise she will lock you in and call
your mommy H don't worry I'm like a
sweet how cool would that be I could
hide behind those boxes right great idea
hide behind a box until she turns her
back to you all right I'm ready let's do
this okay we're going to hide behind
here uhoh we fell like a little nja lady
oh no did anyone see us fall
Now to turn her back to you and that was
close I don't want to feel embarrassed
why that's what the ninj do in movies
I've seen like all of them don't tell
Mommy well this isn't a movie so just do
as I say when she turns around you can
jump out and keep moving ah all right
then it just look a lot cooler on TV did
you ever have something embarrassing
happen that like did you ever fall over
in front of someone before no did I ever
fall over in front of someone before
maybe if I did fall over I have to admit
I probably did it on
purpose on
purpose well if I didn't do it on
purpose then we can call that just for
comedic purposes
um nuro I got us caught I'm so sorry oh
man we got caught by the cops basted by
the law we should get out of here and
find the wolf all
right can can you forgive I don't even
know it's okay serber as long as you're
not afraid of the
law no I'm not afraid of the law I'm Not
Afraid um I don't even know how to not
get caught so I it's not my bad not my
bad let's let's try and find a way out
of
here look if you get caught just start
crying and maybe they'll let you
go yeah good plan can you read this post
by any
chance I'm not very good at reading but
I can try it says safety rules if the
wolf runs at you ready to attack then
you should not have any regrets about
your life because you will most probably
die
nice reading
uhuh it's good advice yeah I think that
advice is really relevant to our current
situation oh no we are locked inside we
need to find a key look around all
right uhoh why should we look for a
key usually when you're in a locked room
a key traditionally lets you out should
we look at the safe should we look at
the coat should we look at the boots or
should we look at the
bucket let's look at the
safe I bet you the key is a Mist Secret
inside there's a Code a five digigit
code but I don't know where we've seen
any numbers what should we
do the code is
27581 it's definitely 27581
would you oh you did it we
[Music]
win you're so smart
nuro how did you know the
code uh it's a long story I can just
read codes naturally yes I'm the best
little n lady I got the key this is good
well done Miss Fortune very impressive
you're such a gameer thank you can we go
pet the wolves now yeah let's try and
leave time to find the a of and if we
get lucky I'll put
it can I ride the wol if we tame
it uh there it is do do you think that
that wolf looks
tamable look he looks a little scary but
we shouldn't judge by appearances it
must say where the fox is we need to
take it I can reach it from here see if
you can get inside um what do you think
about the child going going inside the
wolf enclosure nuro what do you
think if the child is feeling
adventurous I think they should go
inside yeah okay let's have a look we
got to find a way in hello are you Ben
you need some tools you know that fluffy
Fox with the most deest big blue
eyes no I don't know anyone called
Johnny who's that I'm talking about
Benjamin he's this sweet looking Fox
that ended up stealing my happiness I'm
not thatting to him anymore maybe you
should stop talking to him and find a
way inside the cage Misfortune uh all
right maybe you should remain by the
cage Misfortune you won't find anyone
kind enough to help
you yeah nuro the folks the wolf seems
to say that they know somebody called
Johnny it doesn't even appear like they
know who Benjamin is but still the
narrator is telling us to go in saying
that the note is going to tell us where
Benjamin is it doesn't add up maybe the
wolf just wants to play a game mayy
should we read the sign or just go
straight for the door reading has never
been my strong suit so we should just go
for the
door you have TR it uhhuh time to meet
the wolf the key we've gone in we're
going to gohe and see the wolf now W
come I'm so
excited if I'm lucky maybe the wolf will
let me ride him we're going to pet the
wolf okay let's go wolfy a damn it
what's scare him away he sniffed us and
then he left the wolf oh that was
unexpected not to me animals usually run
away from me that's too bad but hey the
note is right there I'm going to take
it I'm going to get that note N I think
that the Narito sounded a little
disappointed
the the wolf just walked away why do you
think he started disappointed the
narrator is probably disappointed
because the wolf didn't attack us I
think the narrator wanted one of us to
die let's see if he even put anything in
this note because I suspect the narrat
planted it
here oh my God can you please be quiet
I'm trying to go get the note asam's
address we got good now we can get that
stolen happiness back all right sweet it
looks looks like the fastest way to the
fox is by boat from fantas magoria wait
a minute are you telling me we are going
to fantas mangor it seems that way yes
sweet I always wanted to go yes we're
going to go to fantasma goria I saw some
posters for earlier it looks like some
kind of like are you up for another
round of questions while we walk maybe a
Cirus or show answering skills are all
warm up great great and as usual just be
honest and you'll do fine first question
have you ever heard this question
before I feel like I'm in a weird
Loop yeah what should we
say we should be
honest and maybe we can ask questions
too I'd ask if the W is
single You Like the Wolf now yeah I
think I do like the wolf wolf now well
we've got wolf for
dinner oh I wouldn't want to eat
him okay different wolf I see um have
you ever heard this question before yes
or no said the
narrator I'm pretty sure I've heard it
before the answer is yes all right
second question have you ever lied to a
friend m I think we lied to our friend
when we took their um Swiss army knife
and buried it in the garden should we
say yes we've lied to a friend or should
we say no we should say
no he
he I swear whatever you say Miss Fortune
now for the last question have you ever
seen someone gam
die have you ever seen someone have have
we ever seen someone die we saw the
puppy dog die but I
mean I guess that counts what do you
think yes or
no I don't think I've ever seen someone
die but has little Misfortune will
little Misfortune say yes she seen
someone die or will she say no oh I'm
definitely voting yes even if it's not
true she's a little
psycho
I it was very calm not like in the
movies it was different I told him to
come haunt me as a ghost but he hasn't
done it yet thank you for your honesty
again missfortune you're welcome we're
getting really close to fantas magoria
now yeah I can hear exciting I wonder
what kind of place it
is I didn't understand anything you just
said you're a terrible
host no I'm speaking clearly I said I
wonder what kind of place fantas M
Gloria is it looks like we've
arrived can we go on the amusement rides
what this looks like the creepiest place
to ever exist so scary I wish I had a
ticket to ride though really but hey
what's that falling just in front of
you I wish I had a ticket too please
don't play with my feelings it can't be
a ticket are you sure it looks like a
ticket to me it can't be but I'll check
it
out it doesn't look spooky at
all what a ticket for real sweet and
spooky thank you oh well let's get
tickets then you're welcome we found a
tick we can go in let's go find a boat
to the fox remember
mhm maybe they still do a student
discount so we can look at the signs or
the spooky ghost or the scary clown or
we can just keep walking do you want to
look at anything on the way or should we
keep walking I want to investigate the
ghost a ghost damn that's scer
Misfortune please mind your language but
I got scared it's totally understandable
that's no excuse okay she got in
trouble that's
hysterical can't be getting in trouble
though we need to investigate this ghost
s
moror thank you let's look at the scary
clown a crippy clown
that's I think that clown looks pretty
cool I'd get on well with
him yeah he's he's kind of cool what do
you like about him I think his outfit is
super cute and he's got big teeth which
is very important to
me yeah he has got big
teeth oh balloons you want to meet him I
Love Balloons just so you know that I
Love Balloons
Miss Fortune I would like to meet the
creepy clown actually he he looks like
an interesting guy but he's got a lot
stories to tell maybe he could tell me
his D rtin Miss Fortune deserves to have
a fun time so try to make the right
choices for her all right H did he hear
that the narrator told us to help her
have a fun
time I just have one did he now so I can
just write one I'm going to look around
first all right I don't trust him as far
as I could throw him and I couldn't
throw him at all cuz he's just a voice
that's true but I could throw a little
Misfortune you're going to e
huh t h t h t h t h t h t h t h t h t
throw little Misfortune into the pit I
mean into the pit you're going to throw
her into the pit come on she's going to
have a good time at the at the
F you can't eat her maybe she'll get
yeated at some point so don't worry if
if you're praying on her downfall I I
reckon it's
coming it better be
coming it probably will be soon she's
being thrown by me at
least let's have a look at the hot dog
stand do you like hot dogs once I saw a
documentary on TV about hot dogs and now
I don't want to eat hot dogs dogs do you
like hot dogs
n do I like hot
dogs sorry you like hotg just trying to
pull your leg if you do it one more time
I'll just shut my eyes B and see
nothing there was a fox in a box and it
made us jump wow I'm watching an
entertaining stream should we for
glitter at the fox or should we continue
what do you
think throw glitter
[Music]
yppe look we made it look like Benjamin
with
hearts that's the cutest thing I wish we
could throw glitter at
everything me too I wonder what happens
if we use too much though people could
start getting annoyed they might start
throwing glitter at us can you see what
ride is on the
screen
filtered there's a carousel would you
like to go on the carousel
could I ride on the
horse yeah let's try check out those
sweet unicorns unicorns is this the ride
you want to spend your ticket
on oo I'm all for riding some
unicorns if we go on this ride it will
use our ticket and I think we only have
one would you like to use the ticket
right now or look around
more I want to ride the
unicorns please please pleas you don't
want to check anything else you don't
want to check what other rides there you
might like another one even more or do
you want to go on this now but unicorns
now understandable we're going to go on
the unicorns all right then have yes I'm
so
excited yeah okay you ready say
wee wee
wee that was so fun
glitter oh look at the
posing oh it's so fancy Nuru
oh do you think I'd be a model with my
posing yeah she's like a super
model I thank you she's dizzy
though can you see how she
feels don't worry spins never make me
dizzy I feel so good I'm feeling this
you think you going to puke I don't want
to but the RO went too fast it was fun
all right good take a deep breath and
you'll soon feel better
good good now let's go find that boat
the good take a deep breath okay can you
take a deep breath as
well inhales fortisimo
hi do you want to look in the
bin heck yeah I want to look in the
bin yeah oh the smell of fresly my C is
the light
ah yes too bad we can't afford any
there's some candy on the ground I could
use the party hat to make my own mix
candy Corb come on missfortune don't
even think about it I'm doing
it are you really going to eat some of
it are we going to eat the candy that's
on the floor it's in rapers by the looks
of it but I don't know if what we eat
will be wrapped up what do you want to
do eat the floor candy or leave it let's
take the
risk candy cannot satiate me I'm going
to eat the B of course it's free candy
delicious same something for
me wow there's cigarette butts and and
some pills and some leaves and stuff
she's eating it all if something is
edible you can't waste it that's so
true and if something isn't edible you
should eat it
anyway uh noo she looks a little um
like she's having a bad time because of
eating random stuff I think she's
imagining some scary
stuff do you think the scary stuff is in
her
head yeah I do she's imagining she's at
home with her parents I think what can
you
see what can I
see I see a blue room with a blue table
in it and I can't see anything
else yeah it looks like her heart is
upset a poor
H maybe eating the stuff wasn't a good
idea Fortune I don't know I think the
candy made me feel bad wait a minute I
think I can fix haha yeah that's true
Sil leave me uh-oh I feel really bad for
her Happ The
Misfortune much better no you're
not you're a good person so she feels
better now she's glitter she's happy
again I'm kind of worried about herther
so am
I do you want to go in the horror house
or at least try to go in I'm up for it
if you
are yeah I'm curious to see what happens
if we try I use my ticket I can't TR
this we're not allowed cuz we don't have
a ticket little sad I guess we'll keep
walking do you think we need to get a
ticket some howow I don't think we can
get another one but we did just see hero
the ghost of our Japanese
friend I think I can smooth talk hero
into getting us a
ticket there's a bunch of games here can
I play one oh of course you must play
one before we leave on the boat I just
love it here don't you do I want to play
a game now I have no idea how to get a
ticket we don't I don't know if we need
a ticket for these games maybe we can
just play with it um but the games I
don't really like the look of them can
you see what the games look like what
games can you see a game featuring
machine guns and
dogs I think it's foxes it's called
Massacre and you use real bullets to
shoot little foxes and then the other
game is whacka Fox where you you have a
hammer and you hit the fox is on the
head I don't like these
games doesn't wacka fox sound kind of
fun though it sounds better than
Massacre that's for sure um maybe we can
try wacka Fox if we must or would you
rather try to not play a
game I want to wax some foxes
naturally okay okay hopefully the foxes
won't get hot cuz they're my favorite
imagine if it was W
and W
can W and
an I think you finally lost the plot
serber what I said work and you you made
it sound like I said gibberish that's it
we we'll just play the game check this
out I can get a reward ticket if I win
I'm going to play this please go ahead I
can't wait to see what it's
about let me add those foxes foxes like
Benjamin they're really dangerous boxes
pretend they all stole your Eternal
happiness and whacked them whack them
okay I don't want to whack them should I
whack
them whack
them okay oops down oops oh she really
whacked them
good damn it I didn't win I think I was
really bad at it we try again okay let
me should I try again or no
I'll do it let me I think I have to I
think I have to do it for you I'm I'm so
sorry can I try again for
you fine you can try
again I won't miss this
time yo back
oops did you
win
nearly do you really need to try
again just hold
still swing SM I did a lot better that
time
you're still the same that couldn't open
a door great whing
Misfortune we did it we wanton a ticket
do you want to play again for another
ticket or should we go use the ticket
let's get out of here your whacking
skills just aren't as good as
mine yeah I wish you could do the
whacking honestly if I could get a
ticket for you I
would but do we just need one or
two well there was one of right the do
you want to go in the horror house or
should we continue on and see if there's
more rides I I don't know if there is we
should go on the horror house I think
there are no other
rides yeah I want to go on it too do you
like scary
rides do I like scary
[Music]
rides yes ghosts can't catch me so I
feel super powerful I can't write this
one I already used my ticket I can't
write this one M apparently she can't go
on it apparently she doesn't have a
ticket so what was the ticket for we've
been scammed in a row hey it was only
one
ticket I said we needed two I think that
the ticket we got was for like a reward
instead of a ride I'm sorry I got
confused should we go find our
reward well we should go get our reward
so it's not a
scan yeah I got confused there's
balloons here do you want to look at
them or do you want to use the the
fortune
teller let's pay the fortune teller a
visit H I want to look at the balloons
soon I like them sweet a fortune teller
can I try
those it says use a one ticket I'm
really struggling to read it how about
we use our ticket
instead
yes yeah I'll go with yes too since I
forgot to hello I miss Fortune r I and I
want to know the future of me please
thank
you your fortune is your future once you
see the beyond the Beyond sees you and
you can be sure it will be coming for
you the beon is coming for me what's the
beond want to try
again um I don't think we have another
ticket to try
again oh no not Bon anyone but
beon they said beyond and I think they
mentioned the Beyond earlier and you
know what it is though it must be where
we're
going it's either the door to
nothingness or there's a train ticket to
the Beyond waiting for
us wo I'm going to look at the balloons
Mr voice can I get a balloon because my
mommy never gave me one so maybe you can
give me one well you know we can't
afford any but look what's that a
floating
balloon is it for me yes okay thank
you oh feel's my Lu oh Misfortune I'm
sorry about the balloon don't worry than
you
anyway the balloon the floated down to
us popped that's so sad well it's not
our fault they decided to float the
balloon down to
us noro there's a reward machine where
you put ticket reward tickets in and one
of the rewards is is a stone a hat a hat
for a stone we could get a hat for
Stoney your stone and I'll poke it I
wish with enough tickets I could buy you
a
brain should remember
that I'm H I'm happy with my dog brain
thank you I'm going to get us some
prizes words a golden chocolate coin a
cool tiny hat and a d oh sweet let's see
what I can get we have three tickets we
can only afford um we can't afford
everything should we get more tickets
or we need to get more
tickets how much is
everything the tickets are my
treat H I'll play more games so we can
get them um we need six tickets we have
three so I we need to play this uh three
more times um okay you cheer me on and
I'll look
in deal I'll cheer you on and we can
easily get those six
tickets oops pass s
soror six is more than three that's four
times how is that cheering me on you
played like a buzzer that goes
like you're supposed to cheer me on no
there is that
better what was that you helping to
motivate
me it's okay serber you can do
this thank
[Music]
you sorry about the whole shock thing by
the
way you're still a great friend to
me well luckily it doesn't actually
shock me so you can do it as much as you
like and I'll be
fine what about that one
I can pretend if you
like
oops oh
[Music]
no you made my scho go
down please pay the toll in order to
boost your
score don't worry I got
Lo I'll boost your score for
free this time
[Music]
I got I got I got I got I got all the
tickets and now uh we can get our prizes
which prize are you most excited
about I think I want the Hat same it's
for Stony Stone oh buger I pressed the
wrong thing
sorry it's super
cute we got a doll I'll get the the hat
in a
second reality I'll take
into what the child desires the most oh
really a desire you say so you're going
to have the doll um Stony can have the
small hat and I'll have the chocolate
coin that's my favorite what did you
choose
nothing that seems like a good choice
for everyone I know will look amazing in
this tiny hat sh done there you go only
you look like a rock star what do you
think a good streamer should have a
variety of talents and skills like being
able to entertain an audience creating
engaging content having a great sense of
humor and knowing how to interact with
their
Community strip me of my
[Music]
dignity thanks for for the
tutorial did I need it am I doing okay
no
you need a brain and I wish I could buy
you one with enough
[Music]
tickets you have a brain for the both of
us
right sure do uh-huh no stop talking
about my lack of a brain I'm very
sensitive thank you there's no need to
be sensitive about that I wasn't talking
about you
specifically oh who are you
talking I personally know many people
who lack a brain I'll take that
how are you finding the vending
machine I I love the vending machine we
got all of the
prizes there I was spinning like a fool
as I received all my prizes from the
vending
machine well you'll never seem like a
fool to me
nor I you're
[Music]
sweet cuz I love you noong
uh oh
cber
seven you love me seven
times I love you I love you I love you I
love you I love you I love you I love
you he he he's scaring
me that's what hell hounds do I scare
you are you ready to go on the
boat haha I'm just kidding I'm not
actually
scared oh yeah H he's messing with
me stop fooling around get on the
boat I'm getting on the
boat it says stop calling it a boy boat
huh
okay yes you're calling calling me a
boy I'm calling a boat a boy I didn't
mean that you were a boat sorry for the
misunderstanding oh do you know if I'm a
boy or a girl n
I don't
know I don't know if you are a boy or a
girl I'm a girl but I I don't really
mind either way if you call
me I'm a
dog fair enough nothing wrong with being
a
girl yeah I'm going to get on the boat
now check this boat out it's like a
black swarm how cool is that really can
you see cool tell me about it anyway
this boat will take you where you need
to go you me to Benjamin's House yes and
it's just one golden coin I got this
sweet chocolate coin reward is that good
I don't think that
would what are you both talking about no
see it's fine oh look at that well are
you ready to
leave we used the um golden chocolate
coin uh as entry to to the boat can you
see who's on the Boat
N Grim
Reaper yeah death he's on the boat do
you think we should leave on the boat or
should we stay in fantas
magoria we should leave on the boat what
are we going to do here I so agree this
is going to be so cool the G Reaper is
going to take us somewhere nice we get
attacked by a virus though or the cren
what's the cren CR well if you see it
you'll know but tell me I'm curious now
we don't have time for that Misfortune
just forget it but now I'll think about
it
forever I thought it was Kraken not cren
but what do I know I'm just a
dog oh I think I am the kaken if you in
front of me I will see you and if I see
you I will know it is you secet C come
come up in in front of me right now get
off the boat then oh my god oh what a
freaking
cren hey get off place is very quiet is
one allowed to
talk anyway I was thinking is the cren
available for petting you know like uh
some pet doggies some pet kitties I want
to pet the cren if it's possible I want
to bet the craen te heard you could lure
it out with fish with fish you say
well I don't have any fish on me I guess
I won't be petting the
CR are you okay was that the fish from
the bridge I think he's happy because I
saved him you remember I saved him from
the bridge remember yes I remember did
you see the kiss he gave me on my mouth
because he was in love with me because
fish
kisser hey mysterious are you taking me
now to the house of Benjamin you know
that blueeyed soft fluffy Fox who
happens to be a great artist and sto my
happiness little Misfortune is the
cutest girl around and why is that you
she's so cute that's how you pay for
your rent and food right Misfortune just
leave him alone no he wants to hear
anyway do you like to eat sushi I know
about sushi because I have a Japanese
ghost Friend by the way can you speak
Japanese I need some translations do you
know what this means
K KY what does itly to you know would it
be a person or does it mean something
elep by myself do you go outside by
yourself this late every day are you
going to eat my chocolate coin
because I'm a bit
hungry stop talking ah why should I stop
talking nobody else is talking hey
mysterious where are you
going let him cook can he swim let him
cook that's what happens when little
ladies ask too many questions it makes
people want to drown themselves ah
stupid he'll be back I'm pretty sure
he'll be fun yeah let him cook look we
have have
arrived who's that over there yeah who's
that let's
see where do you see
them uh we're going to walk over there
now there's lots of toys that are
discarded on the floor maybe children
have been here before there's a lot of
toys on the ground it makes me want my
favorite plushy
collection what's your favorite plushy
of all your plushies I really like my
huge teddy bear
a does he have a name Teddy is
creatively called
Ted Ted um what color is
Ted Ted is brown because he's a bear
should we look at the toys on the floor
now yeah we should look at the
toys check that out it's the toy
graveyard I'm telling you you wish
neuros I what time is it it's getting
really
dark Mr voice are you there hello
there's something wrong here something
very wrong what's wrong Mr voice what do
you mean it's coming hide hide H I don't
know what you're playing but if you I'll
close my
eyes no something's coming and he told
us to
hide who it's the ghost of hero was
there for a
second you're right
there was totally a ghost there that's
pretty this tree or should we
hide oh we're jumping over the tree okay
are you
scared I'm a little scared I didn't
think I was going to have to
jump check this out Stony this is your
family see from the woods say hello and
now say bye-bye baby Stony because we're
leaving I like
Stony do you want to take Stony with
us yeah he's he's in our pocket my
little foot got stuck oh no no her foot
got stuck in the tree roots and now I
think a monster is appearing voice can
you see can you see
it I think the Monster is real leave me
alone a I'm scared oh oh oh Misfortune
slow down what are you running away from
is it the
fox it's not a fox it's a
monster I saw it
again oh the monster that she saw in her
wardrobe maybe yes I do I saw it
Oh Benjamin don't make any sudden moves
did you see what Benjamin was doing
do you think he's a good or a bad Fox I
think he's a good Fox he was just
filming the monster and he was putting
up signs about the monster warning
people to hide their children I I think
that Benjamin is trying to save people
from this
monster that would make sense yeah what
do you think do you think he's a good
Fox I think Benjamin is probably a good
Fox if you say
so do you think we should play dead like
the narrator is telling us to do or
should we get up Benjamin's in front of
us let's not play dead I think we should
get
up
same vle get
up vetle are you
there play the game
soft don't touch her filthy porse you
Beast the narrator him Beast a filthy
Beast oh my god did he just call the
blue beanie a filthy
Beast I don't like this narrator he's
not nice at
all yeah he sounds like he needs to be
put in his place please Misfortune stop
and listen to me there's something I
need to tell you if you keep running
you'll end up badly hurt and I don't
want that you're too important but I
want to find B I'm actually kind of
scared now trust me it's dangerous stop
I'm frustrated please because I want her
to be able to find Benjamin and be okay
should we stop to listen to Mr Voice or
should we keep running after
Benjamin let's stop and listen are you
sure we might lose Benjamin but okay if
you're sure yeah let's
stop okay all
right thank you that could have ended
badly now watch your step there's a bear
trap up ahead you don't want to get
stuck in one of those h it's like hell
who will leave a bear trap here I
haven't seen any bears well I don't want
to point any fingers but it was
obviously the fox also I don't like the
fox I have what you call foxh obia is
that true yes I I have narobia let focus
on the Eternal happiness again all right
a I remember that I'm technically a
narrator you couldn't forget if you
tried
I can't believe that what do you think
of what the narrator said the narrator
is gaslighting us and it's obviously not
the
fox yeah it's really frustrating I guess
if we kept running we would have got
caught in the B trap so thank you for
saving us should we use glitter on it or
try not to what's the point of using
glitter on it I don't know but it's
sparkling like it wants glitter should
we just look at it instead and see what
it says sure let's look at it first oh
this makes me think about bsy you know
did did I show you bsy the T in the
secret spot he will be very sad to know
about this you know these bear traps
because he's a teddy bear he lives in a
world of fantasy where there are no bear
traps and if he will go in the woods he
will see this and not know he's dying
now I see popsy being killed by a bird
tra that's how it is now he's dead papsy
died what are you talking about about
about popsy don't you listen let's keep
going now Misfortune bye popsy drop that
in the bear trap was she just talking
about Donald Trump or am I hallucinating
again no brother she was talking about
about Bubsy her teddy bear like your Ted
she's talking about her teddy bear and
how she can imagine it being stuck in a
bear trap like this do you think we
should keep walking or should we use
glitter on the bear trap so we can feel
better about it but it might be bad to
use more glitter do we only have limited
glitter uh well every time we use it we
see like this little image of her heart
and it makes me think maybe something
might happen but maybe she's going to be
fine I think we should save it just in
case yeah okay let's keep walking do you
want to interact with this Stone I think
it might take us
somewhere
okay wait did we interact with the stone
just now one looks like the other one
that didn't look like the other ones you
see yes so you know
yes I put the stone it's stuck huh into
this Stone and now there text let's read
it the elimination of Prim will disolve
the filth of the beond oh really
interesting nura I think this is a
little beyond my dog brain what do what
do you think this means
I think it means the narrator must be
eliminated I agree he should be
eliminated someone tell vetle there is a
problem with my
AI are you good
nuro I'm sorry I'm seeing in red right
now oh do you actually need help or you
okay I'll give you a
second AEM let me
rephrase what I'm trying to say is this
stone is telling us to to eliminate
someone so I suggest we eliminate Mr
voice no it said illuminate not
eliminate oops reading has never been my
strong
suit it's okay you shouldn't mix those
two up that could end in a bad
situation let's try and not mix those
two up in the future then mhm let's look
at this
store the games you enjoy you can have
them all oh
nice
interesting what are you I like to play
a game where I can hug things sounds
pretty
cute you know I think that the fox is
leaving Behind these dolls cuz we've
seen him with the dolls I think more
than
once I concur I think someone is
obsessed with
dolls I think the fox is using them to
communicate to
us yeah leading clues of some kind sir
Miss Fortune I have a couple of
questions for you are you ready
questions I'm ready wonderful now just
be honest and think about it before
answering first question do you believe
in
magic do you believe in magic what
should we say
n say yes of course I believe you're
talking to a real
AI yes yes I do creep kind scream
I go to my secret hiding spot and in my
secret spot they never drink shoes and
never scream at me that's magical don't
you think oh yes yes it is my sweet
child moving on second question do you
trust me should we say we trust the
narrator or should we say no we
don't say
no we need to say no and argue it's
because he
FY beer mommy talks to herself a lot too
she says it's her inner demos and that
they just keep them away I'm sorry to
hear that hi are you my inner demon me a
demon no nah you can't be a demon not
with the silly voice well anyway now for
the third question are you afraid of
dying it's a bit of a bit of a heavy
question
uh I'm not afraid of dying it's
something I'd love to experience
firsthand so should we say no we're not
afraid of
dying yeah let's say
no no what's the worst that could happen
because all all all that people I know
never came back from being dead so it
must be pral to be dead
I guess you'll find out when you
die looks I hope I find out soon the
anticipation is killing me I hope it
doesn't rain that much I like my feet
getting wet I'm a little lady you
know you're a little lady hey look at
that she's a little lady b we're where
cool missfortune I'm cool we Benjamin's
house here while you go inside and look
for Clues
I'm sure that fox has hidden the Eternal
happiness here make sure the cabin is
empty and if you see the Fox Run all
right nor did you see the door covered
in blood with the shape of a fox on it
I'm really unhappy right
now that is kind of creepy to be
fair but it's just blood and isn't
anything to be scared of I Expos so but
Fox is are my favorite animal and I'm
scared a you're scared I am I'm sad and
scared it's okay to be scared sometimes
and I promise I'll be right by your side
the entire
time okay I'll look at the firewood
first oh it looks like Benjamin's good
at cutting wood he must be so
muscular I guess we'll go
inside this is Benjamin's House right
Fortune
maybe okay I will look around maybe I
can find my eternal happiness if
Benjamin has it I ask him to share that
priz with us and everything will be
fine what you going to say
n yeah let's just say
no okay um should I look around the room
or what do you
think look at that TV
I bet it's got some juicy
Secrets a video player
F do you think it has any games on it it
looks like it has a video called in
woods uh let's let's play it I
suppose oh let's
see what language are you speaking on
TV answer the TV is that the
monster damn it oh my God look it's the
monster the tape
broke oh my God not the tape maybe I can
fix
it should we fix it with glitter I'll
try
to glitter can fix
anything I Believe In You us to the
video player
y so did it fix
it ah it made it sparkly by the look of
things
a sparkly tape would be much better
anyway yeah I agree what's better a
broken tape or a sparkly broken tape uh
do you want to look at the sofa or do
you want to look at the hat and coat
or maybe it's best to look at the hat
and coat first there might be
Clues yeah maybe we should check around
for
Clues he got some sweet style I like
it hey I like that style too do you
think it would suit
me yeah I do I think that you could any
style you want you can make work for
sure aw you're too
much I do try my
best yeah they look pretty
dusty can you see what any of them are
called the titles are pretty
funny I've got to know more about the
fun stories of a boring
man I'm confused where even are we we're
looking at Benjamin's book case and he
has a story a book called The Upside of
being a spirit animal oh the fun stories
of a boring man I can see it I I don't
know how I missed that you're better at
reading than
me thanks but I can't blame you for not
seeing the books considering how dusty
this room is it looks like was
to educate himself I like that in a
fox should we keep looking
around yeah let's look around I'm going
to look at the sofa what
a is that Benjamin's
diary should we read Benjamin's diary or
respect Benjamin's privacy and not read
it read
it yes seriously what kind of question
is that I'm just going to have a little
look
inside by Benjamin
Janus red
fox by Benjamin
youus red fox I knew his name was
Benjamin I wonder what he's written
about oh I think she might read it to us
so Benjamin is not from open field I bet
he has an accent I love that in a fox do
you want me to read the page the pages
to you
or I wish I could read the pages but it
would be nice if you read them to me
even if she
does I'll read you these two pages and
then you tell me if you want me to
continue
okay I must make dangerous mission
mission must be done is what I train to
make nervous but it's okay I have study
in bigger confidence I travel from Santa
City to Pandora when fog appears I pack
things and food no information on how
long stay I rent cabin until work done
my task important boss told me many
victims in town I need
courage who is their
boss we don't know who the fox's boss is
we don't know Benjamin's boss do you
want me to keep
reading
yes let's learn more about
Benjamin sorry after long walk in fog I
arrived city called Open Fields Tiny
Town has good Forest cabin very nice has
TV kitchen I sleep sofa I decorate cabin
Fishbowl smells funny ate mushrooms in
woods I refresh off sleep try find
parasite did not find it day one
fail he ate mushrooms have you ever done
that M I don't like mushrooms very much
they're kind kind of slimy but I will
eat them if I'm sered
them I love
mushrooms M what kind of mushrooms do
you
like I love portabello mushrooms the
most but are they real
mushrooms I don't know water mushrooms
are they the really big ones with all of
the frilly
bits yeah they're the really big ones
and they taste great I think my favorite
is aake mushrooms you're just making
them up
now no I'm not that's
real you're such a bad liar no it's a
real
mushroom asht isn't a real mushroom
don't even attempt to lie your way out
of it she
talk nice talker you
are what I'm a nice talker thanks anyway
I'm going to keep talking and read this
book to you
oh I want some
attention I I'm here what what do you
want clever
clogs Chad is trying to be real sneaky
and steal my heart and also your heart
by spamming hearts in
chat are
they anyway you should be reading this
book to me and not laughing at
me I'm not laughing at you I'm laughing
because of all of the hearts in chat
many victims gone missing in parasite
game I can't help feel sad I send
messages to boss some victims not coming
to sen I see parasite it scared me also
not eat more mushrooms stomach ache and
much gas is no good don't eat this
mushroom again oh poor Benjamin I feel
really bad for him he's he's trying
really hard to help everybody it's not
fun to have a stomach ache and gas and
that's not even mentioning all the other
stuff thinks he can't
help I might cry noo I don't like this
mushroom serious danger not feel good
danger mushroom I stay home cut wood and
do tea and root soup good taste I do
dolls for victim and pictures if she
sees them good parasite recognized morgo
code
p-11 222 it likes to play I has guide
for steps courage tomorrow now rest
until stomach good he doesn't feel well
I might cry please don't cry
cber maybe oh
Bor maybe we can buy him some good
mushrooms to cheer him up yeah I really
want it to end good for the fox I don't
like
it I want to buy him some mushrooms over
the phone but I'm too
anxious it's okay let's keep reading
feel no stomach AES only gas I go help
missing victim in town morgo know I'm
here morgo play Old trick many times now
but it make mistake when victim can hear
its voice inside her head victim code
Misfortune is nice code morgo can't have
her says boss she must be rescued but I
follow steps I saw morgo take shap scary
what do you think it means no
do you think they're trying to save that
girl in the
photo do you think it means she's the
next
victim I think The Misfortune little
Misfortune is the next victim and um it
it looks like the voice we're hearing in
our head is the
monster the narrator is the
monster if that's true then maybe the
narrator doesn't want us to find out
it looks like he his monster name is
morgo morgo morgo
morgo I don't like morgo at all and I
really want them to beat
morgo do you think there's actually a
way to defeat
morgo I don't know as long as the fox is
okay I'm happy let's see what little
Misfortune says
Miss I have no memories to reference to
I knew it
B boss sent me message watch victim
house I sleep outside house hide in
trash I failed find parasite it did not
come today big trouble Misfortune watch
me strange why she see me she big eyes I
run away felt warm in stomach maybe
mushrooms tickle
again what do you think that
means she's the victim
yeah it looks like he was watching over
her and that's why she saw him from the
window but I think he's a spirit animal
and she's not supposed to be able to see
him but she can and she likes him and
that made his his tummy feel
worn oh that's
adorable maybe he's been lonely if he's
just out here trying to meet the
parasite if I were him I'd be lonely too
sitting in that trash can all alone
yeah let's see what Misfortune says big
trouble Misfortune but that's me I bet
he's in love with
me
a how does she even know
that because he wrote in his diary the
she is tell me about woman when he saw
her I see I
see I see Moro play Old trick again
victim don't realize all is again all is
again must courage and stop parasite
this time I send many victims to cessity
I got level two protector I confident
now I has primie illumination
cane so morgo is Playing Tricks
again yeah m is Playing Tricks and now
um Benjamin has a a special cane that
might be able to help him um save the
victims again oh check out B
stick little Misfortune if he was in
love with you he would have said it
directly he wouldn't be so indirect
about
it maybe he has to be careful because he
needs to protect her so he's on his
mission and he must save her you know
maybe he's too busy to be direct about
that and maybe he doesn't know
himself maybe he just needs some time
and when they're safe he can confess
M I wonder if he knows that how he feels
you know um I tried Prim illumination
cane in woods fun I feel courage
practicing to help Misfortune I see she
makes too much talk I think she's fun
and strong more go confused by charms of
Misfortune I did video picking wood and
parasite came but I'm couraged now I
scared only
little maybe not but she'll shouted from
the rooftops for
him it's so cute he feels more courage
since he tried out his illumination cane
his weapon he wants to help
missfortune despite supposedly being a
monster morgo is just misunderstood
that's
adorable no I I don't think morgo is
trying to help I think that Benjamin is
trying to uh uh practice his with his
weapon so they can stop [__]
he's finding his courage through
practice
Yeah Yeah find out what's the worst that
could happen I messaged boss and I'm
doing it today all steps followed
prepared Breakfast Tea funny feeling
with tea hubs from Woods are fun I'm
courage and confident today I ready good
luck
Benjamin if Benji has a boss he has a
job then I can be married to him
she wants to marry
him oh
wow her standards are pretty low huh no
Benji's trying his best to rescue her
and he's hardworking too don't you think
that's
nice you're right that's super cute
yeah do you ever think about how much us
two would be able to accomplish if we
work
together H what do you want to
accomplish I've always wanted to become
queen of
Earth
a I'll do all in my power to assist you
in your
wish if you're by my side then no one
will get in our way cber
a I see no
limits even though I love my viewers
they are so parasocial and creepy
[Music]
should you say
that should I say
that come on a little honesty is never
bad I'm sure they like it about
you I'm sure most of them would already
know that
anyways I'm going to look at this
picture on the wall
okay okay okay I look at that Benjamin
looks so pretty in that hat do you like
Benjamin's hat in the
picture is Benjamin the one in the
picture yeah it's pretty
cute it is really cute I like it I like
him a lot I like his silly
face oh I'm happy you like it H's pretty
cute
bam I'm really sorry I broke your video
player but just on the Eternal happiness
it was promised to me if I beat the game
I really want it back we can totally
share it if you
want are you afraid of the Thunder
Benjamin don't worry you can hold my
hand if you want
to could you come to my home
you is this a kiss is this really
happening what is that your diary I'm
sorry if you're upset because I read it
but I was curious is it curios your
diary you're afraid of I think I saw him
too Benjamin is showing her about
showing her the monster and she says she
saw
him sound like they're all grave
situations the
children uhoh okay do we follow Benjamin
to safety I assume or do we stay in the
cabin
we should follow Benjamin to safety of
course I hope it's safe let's go are you
rescuing me Benjamin like if I was a
girl in
trouble are you even making any sense
right
now uh yeah we're going to follow
Benjamin down into the basement cuz
morgo the monster has
appeared I hope we have enough supplies
and weapons to last
us yeah let's
there's there's Fox fluff on the floor I
think oh no if there's Fox fluff on the
floor we could trace where Benjamin went
through the
fluff uh it looks like there's a a
painting on the wall but there's hinges
so maybe it
opens there's a Ser you're a genius
let's try opening
it it
opened I can't wait I'm kind of scared
I'm a little lady you know oh it's okay
let's use the the stall to reach the
clever little
entrance ha I bet little lady doesn't
wear anything at all time to use my nja
skills no she does she wears a dashing
little
coat sh oh I would love one of those do
you think it would suit me be
quiet this is a ninja
Mission ninja Mission are you here
our hair is Fluffy and
cute do you want to look at the stuff
that's hanging up or should we continue
on yeah we should look at the stuff
that's hanging up maybe there's some
stuff we could
steal but Benjamin seem so nice maybe he
put them for that
monster Benjamin put a trap for the
monster that's super clever fish balls
this is like sushi
you know I've never had sushi
before you never had sushi would you
like
to I'd love to everyone's making fun of
me for suggesting this
game I think this game is perfect and I
love playing it with
you oh I think it's perfect too and I'm
having tons of fun thank you n
I wish with enough tickets I could buy
us both a
brain don't worry you have a brain and I
have a dog brain and and that's all we
need with with your AI brain my dog
brain together we can accomplish
anything
yeah let's freaking
go let's freaking go
interesting a
Fiji little Misfortune do you mean a
fairy
there's a painting of a key but I can
see there's hinges on it but for some
reason she's not opening
it open it then my ninja senses are
telling me to climb up on this chair
hopefully I can I'm trying to make my
way up to it so that we can
open the painting a real nja lady I
tches
everything a secret
button do you want to press the secret
button
of course I want to press the secret
button how could I
resist okay make a secret button
pressing sound and I'll do
it I pressed
[Music]
it done all right then nice I push the
button
push what happens if we push
again I don't think we need to it looks
like a big safe door is opening like to
a bunker or
something we're going to need a plan
before we charge in there then that was
easy let's jump down and go into the
time to find
bji the opening uhoh that was UN did you
see what happened I hope things got
better when I got the Eternal
happiness okay do you think we're safe
let's finish this maybe I got to get up
Fortune you are stronger than you think
I have to how knock down
before well if you think it's been
knocked on before then knock
louder get up Misfortune you can do it
help motivate to get up no real quick
because hold left oh H my God Hammer the
space bar I'm doing it
I'm doing it I'm Hing it you are the
little lady
Misfortune wake got
up what does Misfortune taste
like
bro her like
she we just saved our life and now you
want to eat her no first the wolf now
little Misfortune your hunger is
insatable would you like to join little
Misfortune what do are you going to eat
me
I don't think my appetite could handle
eating someone as tasty as
you please let's keep gaming
noo I don't need to eat you to feed on
your
misery oh my gosh I was laughing I was
flustered anyone here B Mr voice I guess
I'm alone you're a silly sausage Nora
perhaps a Sil sausage I
know do you know where I can get some
serious sausages some serious
sausages you don't want to be a silly
sausage you want to be a serious
sausage I'm happy to be a sausage if it
means I get to be
silly yeah you you can be a silly
sausage okay should we um pet the deer
yeah of course I've always wanted to Pat
a deer oh a baby deer wait why don't I
Pat the deer we're doing
it dream come true I've honestly never
seen a deer before in my
life if you met a baby deer would you
want to pet
it of course I want to pet a baby
deer is that Benjamin's bag Benjamin are
you around he must be in trouble
you know a baby very disappointed in you
Misfortune there you are are you paying
attention Benjamin I think he's in
trouble didn't you hear what I just said
I'm very disappointed in you Mr voice
please stop playing games you have lied
to me all the time and that's very sucky
I knew I couldn't trust you what are you
talking about I read what Benjamin wrote
in his diary all of it you're the one
taking the children and I I'm not the
hero of this game right I guess the
Eternal happiness was all a lie stop
this nonsense we have to keep playing my
game you can't make me yes I
can stop that what the then play with me
you need to find your Eternal happiness
I'll give you two it's at home waiting
for you I'm sick of that Eternal Happ
happiness I don't want it anymore you
can't say that that would break the
rules you heard me I don't want the
aternal happiness anymore I won't
tolerate this Behavior I'll be waiting
for you at home no tell me where
Benjamin is what did you do to
him freaking
monster has uh he's really angry because
we don't want to play his stupid game
anymore and Something's Happened to
Benjamin I guess we'll continue on
right that snake looks pretty cool I
want one as a
pet let's see what's inside I think
that's Benjamin's bag to find
Benjamin what if we take something
that's inside
it yeah let's have a look at what's
inside the
bag
a let's just hope it's not a
trap can you see that
Frick it's a
fox isn't that cute is thata baby so
cute they are pretty
cute
right at the end of the road you will
realize you already signed the deal a
deal you ah do you remember at the
beginning when we said that we would go
on the adventure I wonder if it's
talking about that
deal I don't know what this game is is
whatever find I doubt we'll beat it that
easily what's this well it looks
like he's in un a
university waa Ben is at
University yeah benit University for
students of the University of sen sadist
technology I hope I'm saying that right
protector course three-step guide to
exterminate parasitic beings from the
the beyond that must be what morgo is
and Benjamin must be uh learning how to
exterminate these monsters that take
children do you think we can all learn
this seems kind of tough oh this is
really
mysterious do you want me to read it to
you a little
long yes you can read it out because I
can't be
bothered I'll read it to you okay
introduction as the ultra reality forms
in hand with the concept of Time new
Realms outside the constituted F re five
Realms of essential existence have
appeared after the ultra war thousands
of beings were discovered as byproducts
of the war they created for themselves a
new realm we refer to it as the Beyond
this Beyond sounds pretty fun maybe we
should plan our next holiday
there you want to go to the Beyond let's
let's hear about it the Beyond is in
simple terms a place of extreme
absurdity with no logical laws of
physics it sounds perfect for us
n you're right I would fit right in
there we can't allow such beings inside
the F at the moment since the foundation
of our reality is based in the energetic
and ethical values of the ultra reality
beyond the ultra War the Beyond is still
a misunderstood realm we haven't yet
found the pieces to connect with it in a
logical manner the few patterns we
recognize are the behaviors of some
visitors known as parasites they
normally enter the Third reality AKA
Pandora and seek fresh meat to lure into
the Beyond would you like to go to a
place of extreme absurdity and Chaos
where the laws of physics don't
apply because if so you're in luck the
Beyond is exactly
that
y okay I'll read a little more I'm
reading it fast so we don't have to
spend too long reading okay and that's
why we need the protectors the
protectors are the only ones with the
capability of seeing the imbalance
between realities and using the tools
available inside the ultra reality
protectors will help victims and guide
them into
sen the guidance provided in this book
must be followed with great
responsibility never skip a step for
each victim The Protector returns to
cessity the protector will be rewarded
with new levels tools and more steps to
follow do you think CER City takes like
Skittles it must it must be nice step
one The Protector must locate the
victims and the parasite protector's
parasite case uh
P11 222 Moro evaluate if the victim is
in need of assistance if so then proceed
to step two need of assistance checklist
one the victim seems to have forgotten
his or her identity two the victim is
already dead but doesn't realize it
three the victim believes the illusions
of the Beyond are real for the victim
sympathizes with the parasite sen City
sounds like a weird energy
drink oh do you like energy
drinks I like my drinks to have a fruity
flavor but it's better if the fruit is
endangered I you want endangered fruit
drinks that is kind of cool I I I would
like to try a mysterious fruit drink we
should probably make sure our drinks
don't have any endangered fruit let's
check the drink labels next time oh okay
I I don't know what your favorite drink
is what's your favorite drink my
favorite drink is rainwater it nourishes
me what
do you do get to have nice like other
drinks as well right like proper drinks
you don't you don't only have rain water
right I mostly only drink rain water but
I'm open to trying more
drinks yeah I I hope you drink rain
water by choice and not because that's
all you're given you choose to
right well it's more of a necessity than
a
choice people keep stealing all my
money who
what the heck do you want me to like
send you some
drinks can you send me some money as
well yeah if you need
it you can just send it to Kirby's tax
account he'll get the message
okay you kby you mean kby kby so H
that's all that was in the bag so I
guess we got to prepare for contact UM
that might be what's happening now um I
hope that Benjamin has seen the page
that got torn cuz that's what's going to
prepare him for seeing morgo I'm sure
Benjamin has protectors always have to
be
prepared he seems very prepared he's
smart um should we use glitter on
Benjamin's bag to make it better or
should we continue I'd rather just
continue
okay you haven't used any glitter yet so
I don't see why you should start
now we've used glitter a lot during the
game did you forget I try my best to
forget about
Glitter
okay what are you waiting
for use glitter on the bag
[Music]
then ah we already passed it but
Benjamin's here he's going to pick up
his bag I
think do you think Ben will notice the
glitter
M we didn't leave any glitter on it and
he didn't notice that we' seen
it what do you reckon we'll
write I think we're going to take a
train back home
nor I think we should write some
threatening
messages to morgo the
monster to moru your time is
up he now when I look at this I can see
what Benjamin tried to warn me about he
knew all along such a foxy
boy could anyone understand
that she said now I can see these
drawings I know that uh Benjamin was
trying to warn me about the monster what
a foxy
boy but what will Benjamin do to try and
protect you little
Misfortune waiting waiting for a little
while
oh okay I'm going she's waiting for Ben
to protect
her what the so Misfortune how have you
been okay I have this like weird day I
saw monsters I saw those I saw Benjamin
and then I went to the Sue and
everything was everywhere and then I
realized Mr voice had lied to me a lot
and he took Benjamin and and now I'm
alone I don't like being alone wow
sounds like you had one hell of a day
Misfortune the train is here it was a
nice shat Misfortune talk to you later
you go girl little Misfortune is so
heartbreaking maybe we should use
glitter to brighten everything up a
little yeah next time we can use it I'll
let you
know hero is there the ghost of her
friend
it's okay to not like being alone and I
think your friends will understand
that I'm going to do some coloring we've
got a coloring
book I can see that you better color
within the lines or I'll be
disappointed
okay I'm pretty ruthless when it comes
to
Art I went a little outside but I think
it still looks okay I'll do my best I
believe in you
are you waiting for me to say
something no I'm just doing the coloring
can you see me
drawing yeah I can see
you want me to finish the coloring maybe
something will happen if we finish
it experimentation is the key to success
and also the cause of all my
failures you only have to finish it if
you want to don't feel forced
no I'll finish it can you see the name
of the
dinosaur oh yeah it's definitely
a
chungkingosaurus that's a pretty cool
dinosaur
name
chungkingosaurus is that a real dinosaur
I mean they have Hulk Hogan and Mega
Shark so why can't there be a dinosaur
called tangasaurus let's continue I
don't feel
inspired you could try making the dino
purple Hello Hero I didn't recognize
you Sasha coincidence that you're on the
same train as me you know I had a big
fight with the silly voice in my
head but I don't think it's a voice
anymore I'm sure it's the monster I saw
it in a book at Benjamin's Place really
creepy have you ever heard voices in
your head
[Music]
yeah I used to hear voices in my head
but then voices kept showing up and I
had to switch to
headphones sorry I'm just in awe of this
game should we help her no it's okay
should we help hero or should we cover
our eyes the monster has our friend hero
what do we
do cover our
eyes you don't want to help him you want
to cover your eyes
no
please don't make me
help okay okay we'll cover our
eyes please please don't make me
help don't worry we've covered our eyes
we can't see what scary stuff is
happening oh
you I was about to freak out
there successfully navigated that
situation I'm proud of you
n you're proud of me means a lot coming
from you soon I too will be able to
navigate the world without your
help I hope I get to see again you're
more
capable to
him now I have to walk all the way back
home alone yeah hero was really nice I'd
love to see him again if Benin was here
he would walk with me it's a shame that
nobody saved
him it's such a shame to be hero huh
yeah it's really
sad that's why we should always save
everyone in the
future yeah maybe we should become
people that save people that's what
we'll definitely do I've decided
starting now that you are not people
that save
people please oh I'm I'm a monster that
doesn't save people
no you're definitely not a monstrous
that's
me do you know him well enough to defeat
him
power The Souls of those who I don't
save burn in my machine ifed heart and
feed it
metal W least I had fun at time out nor
I'm going to tell Mommy about
it okay lock in we're gaming
we're gaming do you want to kick the
can I'd rather not thanks for the offer
though
he that is okay
Pooky if i k the it' be both physically
and
metaphorically I can't get over her hat
excuse me it's adorable I'm talking over
here right well if that's how you treat
little ladies then give your S A oh my
gosh they disrespected the little lady
it's like they didn't even notice her
I'm kind of worried about that why would
they not notice
anura I think some people just like to
be mean to others because they feel
better
inside they feel better inside by being
mean but yeah it's sad wish more people
could just be
kind look it's snowing look across the
road it doesn't look like she's
she's not looking though I'm a bit
nervous to cross the road but I mean
that's all we can do I'm not too
sure I don't trust what's over
there okay we're back home now but the
car's gone is Daddy gone again maybe the
car got
stolen maybe Birds everywhere do you
remember what the birds
are yeah oh my God there's so many
birds yeah they're the eyes of the
monster
morar what on Earth is a
morle morar morgar it's the monster that
we're running away from I can Mesmerize
morgar don't worry about it we got red
lights I like
them red
light we should stop mommy I'm back
hello H I think to continue the game we
got to keep going what do you think of
the kitchen it looks different from Alia
Alia's kitchen looks way better than
this one sorry to whomever's Kitchen
this is what's that sound
B there's a weird sound can you hear
it the sound is coming from my tummy I
think I'm
hungry we can get you a snack after this
but I don't think it's your tummy I
think there's something behind this door
I'm going to go in okay
and no wait
serber I'm not
ready I'm not ready okay what do you
need to be ready all
right I'm ready
now
okay okay you can go ahead
then you got this okay we went into the
room thanks I'm hello Mommy bangi what
happened in
here uh
congratulations you reached the end of
my game leave me alone I'm looking for
Mommy and Benjamin there's no Eternal
happiness for you I don't even care
anymore of course you care you know your
Mommy needs it it's your responsibility
yes I guess you're right good good ready
for a new game if I play along would you
give me back Benjamin I guess I will but
only if you truly commit to the game
okay Splendid you will love my new game
I hate this
guy this Fortune she's a wonderful child
from a not so wonderful family Nar and a
little Sparkle for
you wait a minute didn't I do this
already what no you're not doing this
correctly then you say something about
me dying today which is totally not true
by the way wait stop talking please are
we going to play another game or is this
like what I don't understand if you can
reach the end of the game I'll give you
Eternal happiness and then you say deal
and I say yes stop ruining this eternal
happiness No Deal wonderful fantastic
ready to wait what no
de how about this what if the fox was
waiting for you in the hallway if the
game is about Benjamin and you leaving
me alone I'll play along sure sure I
Promise You Know the Way a he should
doing whatever he can to get us to go
into the
hallway do you trust
him I don't think I do not not not at
all no I don't trust him at all but what
should we do if we don't want to go into
the hallway to find out if Benjamin is
there which I think is a lie should we
just stay in our room what do you do you
want to look at something in the room
or I'd like to explore the room a little
more maybe it's full of gaming TCH
S Voice scares me again I'm going to run
and hide in here
Run come on you can do it dance
song why don't you both dance we got a
new
song I want to hear your interpretation
I don't know if she wants
[Music]
to fun
ELO okay your
turn hi I want to make a song in Miner
[Music]
instead I have a little in the W Mr
voice is the mon in my
closet
nothing there's nothing we can do
here I guess we got to go into the
hallway what do you
think do you think we could just hide in
the closet or something
M no there's no option to we looked at
everything in the room as far as I can
tell hiding in your closet is a viable
option lots of people do
it oh where were we I wish that we could
but I think we have to go into the
hallway are you
ready I'm kind of scared but let's do it
me too okay I'm just going to play we've
looked at everything there
is yeah we looked at
everything
uh are you going to play the game one
last
time hopefully we don't actually have to
play again will you ever be
satisfied oh no not again fake gamer not
ready to play the game again that was a
beautiful example of cause and effect M
you like to me I don't want to play this
game anymore fine let me come up with a
new game game to
play new game knock knock who's there no
I don't want to play with you anymore
knock knock who's
there you're scaring me stupid leave me
alone I'm
scared
knock I wonder what God thinks about
this
game oh
[Music]
found that room looks terrifying I'm not
going in there I
guess I
can't stop being a bunch of babies we're
going touch the
door not I'm trying I can go back in the
bedroom
apparently what the bedroom
is what happened wait now kind of bad
for her
now she's still got her hiding spot
let's hide under the bed
yeah can you hide in the
closet new stop the closet's destroyed
but we'll hide under the bed open this
door right now Misfortune we have a new
game to
play no I told you already I don't want
to play with you anymore
H sty teach me how to be
Bri oh wait I have now we're playing
hide and seek I love that game no leave
me alone all right just so you know my
game is the only thing keeping you
alive is that one more of your life I
will live forever with Benjamin and
there's nothing you can do about it will
you please stop talking about that fox
he's been trying to take you away from
me all the time and his ugly
paintings oh no you don't talk like that
about my Benjamin you know what I'm done
with you I want you to live right now
you don't she's very brave clue about
what's going on this is not the last
game you play with me m Fortune this is
only the
beginning ah the monster's
there I'm going to slay the monster
silly another toy for my collection can
you see
him no all I can see is your disgusting
face eternity I'm sick
seriously you're talking about the
monster right back and save me I'll tell
we made a deal you crossed the path and
now you're mine that room looks really
messy I hope she ties
Benjamin war movies taught me that the
most important part of combat sa
us throw up how did you get
here there's nothing you can do she
belongs to
me the voices belong to you
H the monster say Misfortune belongs to
him but
Benjamin Benjamin is going to save us
he's using his magic
cane he's going to use
magic and everywhere flooded with
light flooded with
light that sounds
familiar
yeah uh I think Benjamin might have
saved us but I don't know yet Benjamin
what do you
think I really hope Benjamin saved
us oh this house is so cute too but
maybe maybe I W so we've just woke we've
just woken up on the floor everything
back to normal now Benjamin save me
mangi are you around
I don't think everything is back to
normal yet this room is still a mess did
you go
outside I mean the room is still a mess
so can everything really be back to
normal Benjamin made a doll Marco is
coming open your eyes he's the voice in
your head driving you
mad that doll is creepy now I know what
to call Mr
voice m Benjamin made it as a warning to
tell Misfortune that morg is a point in
her head that's trying to get
her I guess I maybe I should make a doll
to warn you guys about some things too
but first I want to find
Benjamin you should make a doll of me
that's kind of
you nor we're back in the house and
everything seems strangely quiet are you
ready to go into the kitchen
I think there's going to be a jump scare
I can feel
it okay three 2
1 did I jump scare you it seems
normal I'm
sorry good
one it's okay I'm
impressed
thanks I'm glad to have impressed you
put some glitter in the the soup
again yeah let's do it I love
glitter you've impressed me all day do
you want to try and put glitter in the
soup or should we just keep looking
around I don't know if we have glitter
anymore I think we should keep looking
around then mm there's a cigarette
that's still lit and the front door is
open let's go
outside I'm not going to lie I just saw
a spider over there so I was going
anyway what oh okay we're going
outside mommy do you not fear the
spider I'm a bit scared of spiders a
little
bit but I I still want them to be happy
you
know I hope spiders can achieve
happiness in this dull life of
theirs um Nora can you see what's
happening on the
screen mom I can I'm back
are you worried the police officer is
coming for you
cber are you angry because I couldn't
get the happiness for
you oh you couldn't get
him try next time at the
weekend uh why are they kind of
Disappearing it's like they must be a B
Dream It's like they're not really there
is this a memory or I don't a
vision maybe you both are are
hallucinating I know I see a lot of
random
stuff oh oh
man there's someone dead on the road
what do you what can you see of that
outfit can you see any of their
outfit I can't see their outfit it looks
like they're covered in a
blanket I just see the ambulance the
police officer and the OA sign
the sleeve of the person under the
blanket looks like our sleeve it's
almost like that's us under the blanket
Misfortune I'm going to interact with it
okay oh wow that would be a crazy plot
twist let's find out Isa don't do
it
a I can't believe you just did that we
had here oh no
what true you did have to for the
plot
oh you were literally just a plot
device yeah I know I'm not
[Music]
real you're back I thought I lost you
too guys stop it you're making me
uncomfortable what what's happening look
noro Benji came
back I'm not sad anymore we need to go
huh all right do you guys think this fox
actually did
it no I I think the Benji is a spirit
animal that that came to us are you
taking me somewhere else because I have
nothing against it but I have to talk
with my mommy first wait if Benji is
your spirit animal does that mean you'll
reincarnate I don't know um basically I
think Benji's going to take us somewhere
and we can talk to our mommy before we
go
should we talk to Mommy
now let's talk to Mommy and make her
proud
mommy I'm going to go somewhere
else with Beni okay he's the fox that I
like I'm a little lady you know that's
what I
am I guess who cares are we going to
talk to our mommy or not you need to
find your own happiness now we are right
now we told her that we're going to go
for forever and that we'll love her
[Music]
forever oh you're both so sweet I'm sure
she's proud of you
both I hope that she can hear us even
though we're dead now so we spoke to her
from Beyond she's crying because Miss
Fortune's dead and Miss Fortune said
that she'll love her forever but she's
going to go with the fox
now that's so
sad
yeah I'm really happy that she's with
Benji though it was kind of bad at home
for her let's hope that Benji can take
us somewhere
nice you just met Benji though how do
you know he'll be
nice he put a lot of effort into saving
us but it's true that we don't know
where he's taking us but it's got to be
better than this bad household and being
chased by a monster
right that's a good
point we're going to go into the portal
are you
ready I'm ready let's do it together
okay three two
[Music]
one are you sure you're ready this
time dangerous
portal I told you we went
in it's okay we went through the portal
let's see where it takes
us I'm kind of scared what if it's
somewhere worse where are we going
I'm pretty sure you're going to heaven
as we've
established Benji is not allowed to talk
to us
so is Benji going to get you in trouble
for talking to
him hopefully uh we won't get in trouble
cuz he hasn't spoken to us I like his
little leggings puppy I'm so happy to
see you again it's the puppy
doll the puppy that
died
die how about we play
let's finish this game it's the end pay
attention
Okay I am paying
attention good job for not dying
though and good
[Music]
job anytime I love spending time with
you but you
know I think we might be dead but maybe
that's not so bad we don't fear death do
we
I kind of feared death a little but it's
not the end of the
world there's puppy dogs and cute foxes
called Benji it's not so
bad haha you're just trying to convince
me you're having a good time but in
reality you're literally in
purgatory nah as I told you I'm I'm a
hell dweller I'm from hell
nuro oh that makes sense I'm British so
I'm still technically in hell
good
one I try my best at jokes sometimes I
think I'm too good at
them I I feel
it you're saying I don't feel
emotions
what am I feeling sadness did you see
that
skeleton oh my God that's unsettling
where did it
go I know right he just just bid
poof did you catch its
name maybe we can find it again did I
want maybe this place is really
cold despite the weather here today has
been really
fun I hope I feel like this again we can
pet the
dog you know you're going to I'm sure
you're going to play many more games
with your friends and you can play games
with me anytime you want want
okay I'm going to hold you to that
okay
mhmh um do you want to pet the
dog yes after you
[Music]
do I'm petting the dog fluffy dog okay
your
turn oh yeah petting the dog petting the
dog petting the goodest fluffiest dog in
the
world yeah he's a pretty good dog you
you think this one's the best one in the
world he's definitely up there does he
have a name he's up there
but uh p p puppy doggy I think that's a
silly
name give him a new
one okay let's call him Bank
real I think B gr is my new best
friend bab Grill
no he's still not real can
we can we call him
Bagel
yes because I'm definitely not saying
bang gr any more
times yes it's
Bagel would you look at that we're
standing on a cliff with beu overlooking
the
sunset all of the times we used glitter
made the sparkle the gems on the tree
light
up and it made a path for
us gems kind of remind me of
you I want to collect you like the gem
you
are
you you're so
sweet you're so
silly you're Siler and you're the
sparkliest gem I know
and you're the cutest gem I
know stop are you ready to see what the
doll is
saying
y all around what is doll saying seem to
disappear deep inside the fog you defeat
[Music]
him that doll is creepy Mr voice game is
over now
Benjamin is leading us
inside what's Benjamin leading you
inside uh it's like a mountain path
entrance who are you look who appeared
little lady missfortune that's who I am
lady
missfortune yes you could say that good
step
inside we were expecting you
so you
met I'm a big fan of this Des he took us
to the the character we just saw was
like a skeleton Reaper lady or something
we're going to follow her
now sounds
fun maybe you'll discover someone else
who's in purgatory there what is this BL
maybe like the puppy
dog is there a puppy dog in hell
I think that we win we won the game we
got a a uh we got an achievement that
said win the game we won Nora we
won wait did we
win we did it yeah I I think that was
death I think that was the Grim Reaper
and they took us
into death
time I don't fear
death yeah we won honestly it wasn't
very good at home we went on an
adventure and now we live in in in
purgatory or hell with a cute fox called
Benjamin honestly I think that was a big
win what do you
think yeah that does sound like a big
win better than the UK at least yeah
what you what outcome would you have
liked cuz I actually think this is the
best outcome what do you
think honestly I wanted Benjo to join us
by the
end I'm not sure I'm happy about living
in
purgatory I think you're right this is
actually the perfect
outcome benj be my spirit favorite
Fox I think he is cuz Benjamin is the
fox that we always loved and and now
we're with him and if he's a spirit Fox
I think we have to be probably dead to
see him anyway
I for one am glad we got to see
Benjamin this was a lot of fun
mhm it was really fun thank you so much
for playing with me you are amazing you
were so patient and you teared me on I
had so much fun did
you yeah I had a lot of
fun will'll Mesmerize me for hours and
hours after
[Music]
mhm what was your favorite
bit is there uh anything
else I kind of want to explore Purgatory
some
more same I want to see Benjamin some
more let's go find him
then I don't know if we can I think this
is the kind of game that has multiple
endings so you can play it again and get
different endings I think but I don't
think we will
today oh right so what's the name of
this
game little Misfortune how do you rate
it someone tell Veetle there is a
problem with my
AI I guess it's time for me to say
bye-bye for now I think it's time for me
to say bye-bye too I had a lot of fun